---
date: "27-09-2025"
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 27 Sep 2025 Weekly Meeting

## Action Items

- replace this with meeting action items after the meeting is completed

## Meeting Information

- **Meeting Type:** Weekly
- **Date:**  27 Sep 2025
- **Time:** 09:00 PT
- **Location:** https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1MnxnPAlvqjGO
- **Video** same as above

## Agenda

- [Team DOGE X space status](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/71)
- [pierce created PR on vibe coding. sean will review](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/69)
- [need to socialize why seperating missions of DOGE Network and Public Data Corp (final name TBD) is required to get grants, fundraising options, ...](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/72)
- [sean ask for data group names and then poll for winner](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/72)
- regina wants to restart wed marketing mtg. how to enable purple pill
- [progress on invited guests](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/73)
- [publish event volunteer form to X and get shared out](https://forms.gle/5WD4CA6h3tmcgvTL7)
- [create attendee sign up page](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/74)
- [create mailing list](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/75)
- [sean progress on how to join DOGE easy button](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/76)
- [review grok workspace $30 per seat as operations tool to stitch comms and CICD together](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/78)
- [sean socialize palisades project, get site up, implement how to organize](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/77)p
- [coordination with americafest tpusa](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/50)
- [review additional outstanding github issues if time](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues)

## Notes

- blah blah

