---
date: "16-08-2025"
sidebar_position: 2
---
# 16 Aug 2025 First Meeting

- **Meeting Type:** Weekly  
- **Date:** 16 Aug 2025  
- **Time:** 09:00 PT  
- **Location:** Google Meet https://meet.google.com/cps-xhxz-khf
- **Video** <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GQs90jH7Yc8?si=DRLDI0_mKAEpViVG" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## agenda

Aladdin, twinforces and I are going to meet and discuss meeting f2f on conservative tech projects @ AmericaFest 2025 in Phoenix 18-21 Dec

- Invite anyone working on conservative tech projects
- we discuss logistics of meeting f2f in Phoenix
- primary purpose of phoenix meeting will be to discuss, plan next 6m of projects 
- secondary purpose will be to discuss forming a nonprofit to manage shared tech infrastructure, volunteer credit, and project expenses

This meeting will be transcribed and recorded

## notes

 **enable recording and transcription first, then turn on closed captions**
- marc get genZ contributors
- reach out to regional coordinators, get involved in OSS projects
- regiona does podcasts, west virigina wire 
- doge network aspires to build out counties, cities, state. common standards. 
- marc asks about what kinda of data are doge network thinking of making accessable
- sean first step data pipeline of financial data, type usually FOIAed
- unstructured data
- open the books 
- pierce get more people involved, vibe coding session
- marc recruiting kids. hackathon in mar, more people involved in scraping data. labor intensive work. alot opportunies for free labor
- steven build a team in every state. labor intensive. take our model. get people to run with it. doge army. create a exposa website of his work. 
- regina get local people involved. aspiring positions 
- maybe financial help for people to show up
- **steven saturday 10MT cast**
- **regina, shell co-host. sean, steven, pierce**
- **sean will create gdoc for amerifest planning and share**

## chat

00:00:07.944,00:00:10.944
Jennica Pounds: sorry, just got the invite. I'm just listening in

00:01:10.678,00:01:13.678
sean roberts: no problem

00:03:22.663,00:03:25.663
sean roberts: - https://www.amfest.com/
	- Phoenix Convention Center
	- 15-18-21 Dec 2025 phoenix, az
	- adult $50, VIP $600, senior $35, prices valid until 08sep
	- Sponsorship team at [sponsor@tpusa.com](mailto:sponsor@tpusa.com)
	- large exhibition hall with over 100 partner organizations
	- Networking mixers and social gatherings
	- Special sessions, such as themed panels are held in parallel
	- lodging 
		- Sheraton, 340 N 3rd Street, $190 King per night
		- Renaissance, 100 N 1st St, sold out
	- 2024 had 20K attendees

00:03:58.291,00:04:01.291
Jennica Pounds: it's fine

00:04:06.151,00:04:09.151
Regina Connell: cool beans!

00:07:09.526,00:07:12.526
Marc Joffe: New to this group and this is an example of my data-driven research: https://californiapolicycenter.org/reports/the-cost-of-transit-in-california/

00:08:33.531,00:08:36.531
Regina Connell: plan: meet up and hopefully stay at same hotel meet up a day before the event on Wednesday the 17th

00:12:26.016,00:12:29.016
Regina Connell: Steven X handle his work is awesome  https://x.com/Alladdin1983

00:18:38.737,00:18:41.737
Marc Joffe: We have this local government financial data set at California Policy Center: https://californiapolicycenter.org/fiscal-health-dashboard/

00:28:12.099,00:28:15.099
Jennica Pounds: I have to drop off. Thank you for the invite

00:41:26.555,00:41:29.555
Marc Joffe: Regina: You can search here for all audits from WV (or other states): https://app.fac.gov/dissemination/search/

00:41:40.761,00:41:43.761
Regina Connell: thank you Marc!!

00:48:02.802,00:48:05.802
Regina Connell: yes absolutely!!

01:06:54.863,01:06:57.863
sean roberts: @cali-doge

## transcript

It's not going to let me include the captions in the recording. It's annoying. Okay, I guess I'll have to uh

Mark's joining us. Hey, Mark, can you hear me now? Yeah, barely. Regina, hold on. Let me try to fix this. Okay. Yeah. Good. you. We can hear you, but just very slightly. I'll hit you in the private chat. Give me just a second. I'm going go out and come back in. That's better right now. I can hear you. Oh, you can hear me now. Yeah. Yay. All right, let's do this.

Okay. I turned off the camera because I'm at work. So, understood.

Uh, where's the chat?

Sorry, I just got the listening in. Cool beans. Hey everybody, I'm Regina. Hi. Thanks for inviting me.

So, uh, uh, we could wait a few. Uh, the idea of the meeting is pretty simple. So, um, and I I can restate this for people that show up late. Um, generically there's, uh, a few of us, but mostly, uh, um, Stephen and Pierce that have been working on parallel projects, um, mostly around government transparency, but similar things, Doge related, you could even say. Um, and, uh, we've been doing this virtually. Um, Steven's in Denver, Paris is in Oregon, I'm in California, Mark's in California, like Regina's on the East Coast. Um, so, um, we'd like to get together and start doing some of this planning and collaboration face to face. So, um, I picked America Fest, um, America best that is, um, because it's Phoenix is somewhat easy to get in and out of, um, and it's in December. So, uh, I have experience working in open source projects. Um, usually with for commercial companies um, and generally we we'd operate on a six-month schedule. So I'm thinking that way is thinking okay we get together on in December we you know um folks that are doing releases it's not super uncommon for big major releases to happen every six months maybe you know more aggressive but that's pretty common. Um so we can talk about what we just released and talk about what we're going to do next and maybe do a little bit of collaboration a little bit drinking perhaps. Um, so, um, so generically that's that's what I'm thinking. Um, let's see. I can I did a little bit of research on America Fest. America Fest. Keep mispronouncing it. Um, and I will drop that into the chat. I also have a document that I've started that I can share with y'all. Um, so, uh, if you look at the chat, you'll see just some rough details. Um, they haven't actually announced the schedule yet. Um, so it's basically 18th to the 21st in December. Um, am I going too fast for you, Jennica, or is this good speed? I was pulling the information. I'm taking notes. So, if anyone has questions, hit me up. I got you. I'm writing it all down. I've got the website up and I'm copying and pasting all the information into notes over here. Awesome. Thank you, Regina. Um, okay, good enough. Um, uh, so also, um, I'm recording this, so if you want to swear, go for it or say anything inappropriate, totally up to you, but it is being recorded. Uh, the transcription um, will be uh, available afterwards, so I can um, share it with anybody that's interested. Um I don't think we're uh planning on discussing any secret sauce today. Um so um it looks like the schedule and this is pretty common for big events um is uh informally the 15th to the 17th is set up um and the actual event is the 18th to 21st. Um so quite pretty common for a lot of parallel events to be going on. So um there'll be a lot of uh business meetings informal and formal happening because you know there'll be a lot of um conventioners there. There's a Go ahead please. I'm sorry I just looked at the website and uh this is turning point turning point. This is a turning this Oh my gosh. Okay. I'm sorry. Just let me get over. Okay. Go ahead. I'm listening. Is that good? Okay. All right. Well, that's a good reaction. All right. I like it. Um, so this is a huge event. This is 20,000 people. This is not small. Um, hi Michelle. Thanks for joining. Um, so hi everybody. Hi. So, uh, we're just we're just talking about, uh, meeting up. uh basically people that work on tech projects um that are Doge related have uh a few of us been talking and we wanted to start uh meeting in person. So um I picked um and I I think everyone's in general agreement that December sounds like a good time and America Fest in Phoenix seems like a good place and and opportunity to get together. Um I generically like it. Um I generically uh like to do these kinds of uh gatherings before the events start because um who knows what happens once it happens that some people may want to take off, you know, just sit through the very first day and then uh avoid the rush to get out of town. Uh because it will be 20,000 people trying to get the heck out of town. Uh so um uh so if if we can plan uh doing our face toface maybe a a hotel in common um like either the lobby or maybe even get a conference room if there's enough of us staying there. We could uh probably twist their arm. Usually they're immunable to that if there's enough pe enough enough of us staying there. Um, and meet up on the 17th perhaps, like the day before. Uh,

okay. I'm looking to see what day that falls on. So, question, Sean. No, no, you're just, uh, and that's, you know, that's valid. Um, actually, I should introduce myself as well. I didn't think of it that way. Um, Sean Roberts, as the name suggests. Um, I've been running California Doge for the last six months. Um, I've I've been doing open data and transparency projects off and on for almost well about eight years actually. That's how Mark and I met. Um, and um, I've worked for a couple nonprofits. I've done a lot of open source projects actually uh, commercially. I've been involved. I'm a full stack um basically you know hardware to software engineer and um you know manager executive at various companies have been involved in a lot of startups um so uh I have a lot of experience in how to not do things because as you would expect most of startups failed magnific magnificently um so that's me um I don't know if anybody else are interested in introducing themselves I've done some podcasting as well. Um, so anyway, that's me. Sean, uh, thank you for inviting me to this. My name is Mark Joffy. I worked with Sean on a project, uh, several years ago and, uh, I guess I've been a beta tester California Doge more recently. Uh, I, uh, I have a background in, uh, finance, IT, I do a lot with spreadsheets, and, uh, I do quite a bit with SQL as well. Um, I I'm a policy analyst at uh California Policy Center, which is a a state policy network affiliated think tank out of uh Southern California, but like Sean, I live in Northern California. Um, and I like to do a lot of data driven research and so I, you know, interested in meeting other people on this call. with respect to the uh idea that you're presenting Sean of uh you know having something on the fringes of uh or the edges of Turning Point USA conference. Yep. You know my understanding of Turning Point USA is that it's primarily geared towards younger people and I think it started off that way. Yeah. Okay. And it may have I'm sorry. Yeah. If I could just interject on the Turning Point, I follow a lot of content creators and stuff that have been involved with Turning Point and yes, they are gearing towards more the like the um Gen Z whatever, but um a lot of I mean it's it's a mix. It's a broad mix really I believe. Okay. Specifically, it doesn't qualify the point that I wanted to make. So, I'll I'll I'll just make this real quick and then get off. Um, I'm just saying that since there will be a lot of younger people there and younger people, you know, with all due respect to us on this call, are generally more tech-savvy than older people. It seems like something that you might want to do is try to promote this to the overall universe of people that are going and get some of the younger people or even older people if they're techsavvy to participate in this. So, not just like people that we meet here get, you know, go to Turning Point and meet ahead of time, but try to advertise it to the main event attendees and try to get and try to form a larger community. Yeah. Right on. Yeah. No, you're 100% that was thinking about that already today of um starting to reach out to some of the Turning Point coordinators across the country because there's a lot of them and basically say, "Hey, you want to get involved in open source projects? I think I got some for you. um and and talk about maybe them either joining us in this meeting I'm proposing or maybe at a different meeting. Excellent. So yeah. Yeah, we're thinking the same. Perfect. Same mind.

Hey Stephen, you you want to talk about what you've been doing? Um just uh cranking up basically expose daily. Uh most I'm I go by Aladdin on uh X. Uh I don't know I guess most people here know who I am. Uh and familiar with my work. Uh yeah. So, we started this uh with Sean and uh Grumpy and it was like, hey, why don't we combine our effort and hopefully get Jennica on board as well and have a consolidated or or coordinated exposees to basically combat the fraud in the government. And uh so that's that's how this whole thing started and we're trying to grow into um sh we're still doing the 501c thing. I I think that's something we can discuss but you know uh baby steps I think. Um yeah but yeah I I think the more we get organized and the more we work together on stuff that's a logical next step. Yeah absolutely. Yeah. So, so that's basically the effort here. And we're discussing about like maybe doing a podcast as well. And that's where Regina I brought Regina into the mix because she she's got the she's got the podcast tool stuff and whatnot. She's got the bug. Yeah, she does. And uh and basically some of our sessions like us members like when we uh meet weekly or so we can actually do it in a in a podcast form and discuss either like a new exposees that we did or something we're working on and we can put it out there that's also for publicity that will give us a footprint let's say on uh YouTube or uh Rumble or some something like that so people actually know who we are and what we're working on. Yeah, why not all? I mean, yeah, with OBS. Go ahead. Yeah, let me dive in here. Let me dive in here on the tail coat of what he's saying. We're on the magic carpet ride. So, yes, absolutely. I would be more than willing because this is what I've been praying for. My name is Regina Connell. I do have a podcast called West Virginia Wire. I should have called it West Virginia, whatever. But basically, so it started with, you know, we recently put roots down in West Virginia. And I mean, I've been asking, you know, Stephen to help me with certain stuff. We've did some collaborative things together. And all the information and the corruption that comes out is so overwhelming, you know, and fortunately, West Virginia is one of the poorest states. and I started diving into stuff just in our local county and it was it was overwhelming and still we haven't gotten answers to certain things. So, you know, whatever level we can start breaking things down. Um I'm excited and I'm ready for it. I bring the planning the you know, Stephen can tell you when I I run a pretty tight ship, so I'm great at posting, reposting. I have a lot of great connections, networking, and all of that. So, that's my resume. Thank you, Regina. Welcome.

Uh, so, uh, Dead Space. Um, so, uh, and, uh, Jennica's, um, been working with Twin Forces, um, Stephen, uh, actually I've never pronounced or Pierce's, um, last name. I think it's Wet Leier or Wet. I'm not sure I can pronounce his last name. Um, but uh um he goes by Twin Forces online. Um so he's been um working with Jennica on data republican. Um so uh slightly bigger picture and I'll keep it to one sentence not to bore everyone. Um I've been primarily interested in local and state data for a while. Um when Mark and I gotten uh together involved in working on collaborative projects about eight years ago, um we were primarily working at state financial um transparency. Um there's a few states that we're working with. Um fast forward to today, Open Gov um took a lot of the ideas that we had and actually ran with them and it built it into a business. you know, arguably whether or not Mark has a lot to say about this, but whether or not um you know, they're completely altruistic or not, where they're doing it for their own personal gain is debatable. There's a lot of companies out there that are looking at government organizations as and their data as um valuable and um they actually think of them as SAPS and they're like, "Oh, we'll take your data. No problem. I'll monetize it for you. Thank you very much." Um there's a lot of that going on unfortunately. Um but um that being said, fast forward to today, there's a lot of open gov and some uh competitors that have gone around and organized the data mostly financial but some others as well but mostly financial data. It's cities, counties, some states, um, and school districts. Um, and they have published the data. Um, and some of these also have APIs. Um, some of them well defined, some of them not. Uh, quite a few of them are using a a CECAN version, which is a a public standard. This is a huge opportunity. Now not all of them are published so they're accessible but that data uh that endpoint is just sitting there in a lot of places across the country now waiting to be utilized. So my big idea is to start coordinating this um working with uh you know the cities and uh states and counties that have these endpoints and perhaps other teams that are interested in doing what similar like what I'm doing with California Doge which is much more custom but building our own endpoints our own standards and start to coordinate this data with folks like data republican open the books and maybe some others because there's a lot we have in common. The only thing right now is we just need to get coordinated so that we could start publishing in at least known similar formats if not the same. Don't have to be the same but um but there's a huge opportunity to provide really amazing research tools for Can I ask you a question real quick? Yeah. No, was it I was I was done. Just No, no, you're not done because I want to keep hearing because it sounds like you have more. So, I agree with you. The key is coordinating, right? It does take a team. So, how long have you been, you know, trying to get this coordination together or is this like the first go? And what has been your experience as far as, you know, because I'm in it to win it. Stephen can tell you that as long as people are committed and we're getting coordinated, I'm all in. Uh, well, it it's been uh informal up to this point. So um so I haven't technically three months I've started I've t been thinking about it and talking with people about it mostly um on Twitter but uh in a few side conversations but um but yeah it it's been about three months since I came up I'm sure it's not unique but I started socializing the idea with some of the other folks like Stephen uh like Pierce um and some others of saying, "Hey, wouldn't it be cool if um now the uh a more complex way of thinking about it is if we had as a group a tool like perplexities sonar um that's the AI model behind perplexity um set up so that we had an uh it was capable like sonar right now um accesses a big database of web crawls. So that's what makes it cool and interesting as an AI model. When you chat with it, you ask it questions and it makes it a lot better than most of the alternatives that are out there right now. We could do the same thing. Instead of web crawls, it could be these public data sources that are distributed all over the place. And it sometimes it would take a while for it to come back with information like some of them that do the I don't know if anybody's played with research options on some of these tools but it could take anywhere from you know hours or minutes to hours to get um information back. So everyone's kind of trained that way or used to it. we could do the same thing um and basically build out either individually or as team you know th this would be my uh my uh uh big you know stretch goal is to eventually do something like this obviously it's much more complex but the data is out there um there's quite a bit of it's in a similar format you know this this seems doable to me um there'd be a lot of coordination that required a lot of work. We'd have to maintain it after we build it. You know, wouldn't be trivial, but it's at least it's a it's a known unknown to quote um

to use that famous quote. So, um so anyway, to quote Rom, yes, quoting, it's a known known unknown. So, it's better than those unknown unknowns. So, um, yeah. So, that's I guess that's my pitch. Um, I think if we can, uh, get like 20 people to agree to show up at America Fest and and maybe, you know, we could get some hangers on that could show up. Um, drag, you know, drag them along with us. Um maybe we could you know do some some discussion about you know what our what we're trying to accomplish and what we want to um with our most recent work and what we want to do in the future and we can talk. Okay. So question yeah I got your pitch. Now's the question hour real quick. So when you say get people together, coordinate, you know, what are you looking at? Because, you know, if you got this many people to coordinate to come on a separate, you know, Google call, this is my first time using a Google Meet, by the way, and it's pretty cool. I've always used Zoom, so it's an experience. Yeah. So, so when you're talking about this, is this, you know, I I've got the website. So, is this are you looking for investors? Are you looking for people to meet who are willing to give time? Like what bullet points are you exactly looking for for when people are going to meet and what do people need to bring to the table as far as a coordinated effort? Like you were talking about the data, you know, what is the government doing with the data? How could you know where we could go to the website to read a perspective somewhere? like these are probably questions and the only reason I ask is because these are questions that people will ask me once I start talking about the project. So the more we can meet the more I can research and look you know maybe I can offer to put something in a simple video for you or something like that that will give a clear understanding of okay this event is let me look can you still see me and hear me when I'm looking at this? Yes. Okay. So the America first you know you go to the website and the first thing the biggest conservative movement in the country it's a great website it looks great turning points annual America fest conference yada yada yada so this is great so we just direct people to the website so what is your if you could give your goal in five bullet points what bullet points would you use

hold on let

the agenda, right? You Yeah, the other day. Yeah, there there's the agenda. Um but um the the the primary purpose is uh to talk about the the work that we've been doing and what we're planning on doing and see if there's points of collaboration. So I think that um you know uh we actually uh put together a GDOC um that kind of led to this discussion but it's um it's it's not really organized uh in that way because it was more um us talking about our expenses and things like that. So, um I uh I I think what we should start doing is um basically just and I can start start this for us is just create a G doc and um we each write down what we're working on um and we can um start looking for points of discussion and we can start building out, hey, let's talk about this, let's talk about that. So, for instance, podcasts, um, we've been talking about, wouldn't it be great if, um, uh, Aladdin, Twin Forces, and Cal California Doge started streaming, uh, you know, once a month, once a week, and I could probably talk once a week. Um, and just riff on what we're working on. And, and everybody's doing it. Everybody has picked up. And the only request I have is if you use Streamyard, please use my affiliate link so we both make money off of it. But keep going. Sure. Um so uh so that that would be you know one thing that we can uh just put out there on this uh plan is that we start collaborating on you know specifically uh now I I use this very simple title of conservative tech projects or conservative technology group I think is what I called it. Um, very simple name. Uh, we could call ourselves something a little bit better than that, but uh, but it is descriptive. Um, but you know, I'm working on California Doge. Um, I talked to um I can write a one sentence about what my what my thoughts are about what I call the Doge network, which would be getting this broader group of data sets together and and try to coordinate them in some way, make them accessible to a larger group of researchers. Um, pretty straightforward and hopefully simple idea, obviously difficult to implement. Um, and we each do that. Stephen's working on expose. Um, I think it'd be really interesting to start coordinating what he's working on with some of the other work that um, uh, which he's already somewhat doing, but we can talk about it and then um, and the the spaces the the cast, but also plan to talk about like what he's been working on and what he plans on working on at the event um, in coordination with um, you know, what data republican site has been doing. So anyway, that that was a little bit more free form long than I planned. So, um hopefully does this all make sense? Oh, hey, it's Pierce. Hey, Pierce. I've been hearing your name. I couldn't wait till you popped up. So, if I could just piggyback on what you were saying. So, I think definitely, you know, to honor everyone's time for this first meeting. I think you're on to something great with the podcasting with the three of you guys. Um, and if you need someone to help you plan out your shows and stuff like that to honor people's time because everybody's doing it. Everybody's getting into streaming now. People aren't watching mainstream now. You have to keep up with the legacy media and all that stuff. So, I think, you know, clear define rules like what it is you would want from me, how I can, you know, what Listen, I'm all up in West Virginia business, right? I'm all in it trying to figure stuff out. I do know people in West Virginia. So again, you know, whatever we can bring to the table to help you get this podcast, but whatever you do, you start that podcast, you have to stick with it and the best way is to stream across all platforms, get your guys together, you know, have your stuff in order of what you're going to talk about. This week's topic is going to be, hey, the information California Doge, this is what California Doge is doing this week. uh this is what we did last month, you know, I mean, and it could be really beautiful because people collaboration is the way to do it. So, if you got two people willing to do once a month, twice a month with you, then I I mean, definitely do it. And if you need me, I'm here. So, I got y'all. We lost Jennica. Okay. Um Okay. So, yes, um I'm having a set date and time when we do it. um and stick to a sk stick to that schedule and have a plan. Um yes, I think we can do that. Um uh I I did a series of podcasts. I guess it's been about three or four years ago and which I ran myself. That was that was a lot of work. Um so, hey, hallelujah. I am a one-man band besides my husband. Aladdin can tell you. He was like, I don't know. I'm going have to step off for a minute. Regina, you're a little harsh. I know. I'm sorry. It's a lot of work. I have a lot of respect for doing it. So, um I appreciate you offering because I I know it's not it's not a little bit of work to not only plan and organize it, but then publish it. It's it's a it's a lot of work. Um now, I I have started playing with OBS Studio. I'm not sure if you played with that yet. Um but that's it seems like a pretty solid platform. So, um, that hopefully you've used it. Okay, awesome. So, that should make it a little bit easier, I hope, to to Yeah. And let's talk about that, though, because you can use OBS, you can use Streamyard, you can use them all, and they're all friendly to different platforms and especially with when it plays into the algorithm has been my experience just, you know, testing things out. But definitely, I have a little bit of experience with, but I'm diehard Streamyard. Um, but I've I've worked with Stream Labs, Reream, all of it. Okay. Yeah, I have no preference. Um, I take whatever help I can get from whoever's willing to give it. Uh, hey Pierce. Um, how's it going? Thanks for joining. You just got back from a long trip, so thanks for joining. Is there uh we kind of introduced ourselves a little bit and what we expected out of this. Um, did there was anything you wanted to add? Put you on the spot. Oh, we can't we can't hear. You're on mute.

Oh, still muted. Oh, there you are. You're off. There we go. Hey. Okay. Uh, yeah. So, um, sorry I'm late. I intended to be here at 5, but um got distracted and uh then was cooking and then I'm like, "Oh [ __ ] it's 5:30." It's all good. We were just talking about time, so Oh, okay. I feel like I already know you, Pierce. How do you pronounce your last name? Wet. Wet. Yeah. Wet. Okay. All right. Yeah. I was some for some reason trying to add an I. I don't know. I don't know why. Um Okay. So, uh, is there anything we we talked a bit about just the general, uh, point that the first primary purpose of just, um, getting us to Phoenix to talk about the conservative tech projects we've been working on and, uh, talk about our plans for the next six months. No, I was suggest suggesting that, excuse me, that we could um create a G do just basically an agenda for the face toface and um and just basically write that out and we could probably start coming up with some uh you know a schedule of that could fill maybe a couple hours of of discussion on different topics like podcasting for instance. Yeah, sounds good. Okay. Um, and Stephen, uh, since Jennica left us, um, were you able or Pierce or anybody, um, were you guys able, is she interested in participating at all or any feedback from her?

I have not gotten any feedback. I can hit her up after this on the back end and be like, "Hey, would you uh, willing or would you be interested in this?" And if she say no, she say no. Well, she doesn't necessarily have to go either. If she uh wants to like designate somebody to do something for her um for the base to face, that's good, too. Um so, I know she has a she has somebody that checks her email right now, and I don't know who that person is. So, yeah, I'll hit her I'll hit her up on the back end, and uh we'll see what she say. Yeah, I bugged her mom, so that's how I think I got her to show up here. Uh, yeah. So, anyway, um, Sean, uh, can I ask you, uh, some questions and help develop, uh, one of the ideas that you you threw out? Yeah, please go ahead. So, uh, correct me if I'm wrong. It seems like your idea is your central idea is to try to collect as much financial and maybe checkbook data for local governments primarily using APIs as you can. Is that is is that sort of the overarching goal or am I misreading that? Um well it not necessarily um I I think using AI or um building some sort of chat research chatbot slash agent could be the ultimate objective but more of a short-term objective would be just to get the data coordinated enough so that we understand which what format it's in uh that you know what version of APIs folks are using or even even if they have APIs, some of them may not. Um, and just get the data pipeline going and make it so that a larger group of people that want to publish information, but also the other group of people like reporters and and researchers like yourself want to have access to it. They know they can know and find where it is. That would be step and I think back on what Mark's saying real quick because it's important to that people understand the data too. Go ahead, Mark. I'm loving what you're I think you might have the answer as well, Regina, that what is the data? What type of data, you know, can we rigorously define that? I think it would be spending uh on uh local, state, federal level. Yeah, that that is the that is the the most for obvious reasons that's the most foyed information out there because folks want to know how their tax dollars are being spent. Okay, can I stop you right there? Can I stop you right there? And Aladdin knows about this and Mark, maybe you can give some insight on it. So, I don't know how standard it is. When we submitted a public records request for our county for everything, you know, spending, all of it, and I'd go to the county commission boards, I backed off a little bit because I wanted them to think that I kind of backed off a little bit, but let me tell you, it's crazy here. And they didn't give us anything for the fiscal year of 2024. Is that common? And then at the last county commission board, they said they had 75 employees, yet there's only 50 accounted for. And the state employees, I mean the county employees are coming and talking to me about this. And now it's crazy. But I mark I so when you say generally state Stephen when you say state local you know county it's so overwhelming just on the county level sometimes like and then let's not even talk about what's attached to it if that's even what you're talking about like I mean there's a lot I want to respond to you because over the years I've done a lot of local government research so I find that uh in California and the western states geneneralally Generally the availability of data is much better than it is in the interior eastern and southeastern part of the country. So I don't know West Virginia that well but I suspect that's in a category with uh you know Alabama and Mississippi that are really bad. I mean in terms of you know you you cannot readily go to you cannot go to a local government website and normally expect to download any kinds of useful information at all. Whereas I pretty much any city of any size in California, I can go there and I can get their annual financial statement um with a very and their budget uh for the current year with a pretty high degree of confidence. I've always been surprised about the regional variation there. So it is really a challenge I think in your uh in your part of the country. But generally, and you know, Sean uh has experience with this with me a few years ago, this data is not generally available in any kind of digitized format. Uh it's mostly PDFs. Um so we can download of PDFs and scrape them. That's something that I' I've done a lot of work with, but I mostly focused on annual audited financial statements that have to be filed with the federal government. So, there's a site uh Regina, you might be interested in called fac.gov where you can get audited financial statements for any local government that has spent more than $750,000 of federal funds in a particular year. There's going to be several do dozen from West Virginia. That's probably your best bet for getting data, but that's that's annual audited financial statements that are usually available nine months or more uh after the fact. Checkbook, I think that's going to be very difficult. And I can say, you know, and Sean's mentioned that Open the Books, which is an Illinois based nonprofit, is the C is the organization that has spent the most time, I mean, over 15 year over, sorry, over 12 years gathering all this stuff. And I'm not sure like a group of, you know, dedicated hackers like us are really going to be able to rise to the level of competing with them. So, I guess the question would then be if if checkbook spending is what you want, then is there a way of of pulling resources or adding value to what they're doing? Let me ask you, can I ask a question? Let me ask let me just input. So, truly here, like you said, in West Virginia, the poor states, whatever. So, it is kind of like a good old boys, but they do have, you know, three monthly county commission board meetings. I can go up to the courthouse. I've met with the sheriff. Like, I can get these records like on microf. It's just nobody's interested in looking, right? So, I have no problem doing any of that, right? I mean, it's right up the street or whatever. So, I mean, not everything's going to be in a digitized form and especially in these states, right? Especially in these states. So, before I go asking for the federal government to get involved because my whole thing is we don't we want less federal government involvement. But here's what my question. So every time we get we get approved for any kind of funding, flood relief, broadband, whatever it is. I mean, we should have the best broadband in West Virginia. All of a sudden, there's these new committees that are set up, new websites. Our current governor right now, he started with the staff of West Virginia Prosperity Group. It's a crazy story. When y'all have time, I'll put it together for you. But I just stopped working on it because I thought nobody cared. And now that you guys are giving me these resources, this is amazing and this is what it's about. I'll show up to every meeting just to learn. So whatever it is, I'm in. Stephen, can I just respond real quick? I I really uh I understand uh that you know you're uh an advocate of you know local and and and state sovereignty and that's that's great but you know the federal government collects this data and you might as well use it. I mean one day maybe we'll be lucky and the federal government will no longer be able to collect the data but while it's there why not take advantage of it right? Yeah, I agree with you 1,00%. There's a there's a lot more data out there over the last five years and um there has been before. It's it's pretty pretty amazing. But the problem is and and Mark touched on this even the data that has been published um it's uh they're very typically not in the same format. So for instance um state of California they have uh uh easily um over 200 departments it's actually closer to 300 and some of them publish data some of them don't um and some of them uh in quite a few of them they all publish in different formats they're at least publishing but it takes a considerable amount of time to go through it and uh quite often one one year to the next they make mistakes Um so uh combing through all those data sources um it's insanely time consuming and then also you have to account for you know boo boos um so it it you know suddenly um everything goes sideways so um so it I I touched on this um you have to go into this with a multi-stage approach um it's very similar to any other computer science problem um or uh commonly called um uh ETL. Um basically you're transforming data um from some source um that may be um standardized may may not be and you're trying to put it into some common format so that it's usable by you know some code um you put it in a database usually. So that's that's a very complex process and it's it's essentially what all the the AI bots that are going around and the search engines are going around that's essentially what they're doing. Um they're transforming website data and Reddit data and everything they're finding and they're putting it into some computer form so that it can be consumed. So, are they trying to streamline it in because I've noticed too that you know you got to go to the this website like you were saying a lot of it's in PDF form whatever is that the ultimate goal to get it maybe in one streamlined central federally state local

I mean I don't I mean it there are some standards socan is a um a common standard that's out there it's a a public common standard that um OpenGV and a lot of other organizations that build wikis for better lack of a better way of explaining it. Knowledge bases is what they call them, but they're they're souped up wikis. Um but it's a common standard and a lot of folks follow it. So it's not the perfect standard, but it is something. Um but you know like um any uh anybody that's working in tech or anybody that's working in finance getting them to agree to any standard is you know impossible. Uh Mark can uh talk to you about XML uh standards over the last couple years. And you could even just think of like USB, you know, how long did it take them to come up with USBA and then they came up with this USBC and you know, they're still not quite done. You and getting everyone to agree on something is freaking impossible. Look, I've been in enough spaces with developers and investors going at each other, the marketing person telling the developer, you don't know what you're doing, the developer going, you don't know what you're do. I mean, but it's true. We all have roles to play and you know um it to from a developer I couldn't even imagine being a developer and being able to do the things that you all do and then to be able to try to articulate that idea and that concept to someone and then you're actually building it. It's very fascinating to me. But yeah, it's we have awesome tools nowadays. Um so much better than just a couple years ago. So that's what we rely on. I I want to suggest an alternative Sean and uh tell me if you find this motivating. So uh and this is I'm sorry this might be use more useful to Stephen. I don't really know about your exposees yet. I I'm starting to follow you now. So I'll learn more and maybe less interesting to Regina but and I'll explain why in a second. But for a lot of cities and counties and school districts post their meeting minutes and agendas on the web. Um in many cases those are in the deep web and they're not accessible to Google search. Uh unfortunately in a you know state like West Virginia if it's in fish at the at the county building this is not not that helpful. But I I would assume that some governments in West Virginia even do this. So there's all this uh textual data mostly in PDFs sitting on the deep web. I think that there's an enormous value added to identifying all these uh repositories of uh governing body proceedings and downloading all of those files into basically a giant text database. So, we're not talking about any kind of structure or any kind of uh standardized format, but I mean I've I've had a lot of luck, you know, working with uh say Google's notebook LM and I'm sure there are other open source alternatives to that. We just load all of this this text data this corpus of text data and then you can you can ask it questions like in you know large language model kind of approach. I think that would I think that would add tremendous value. I think um we'd be able to do a lot of searches and research into local government corruption um you know mis misuse improper payments mis misuse of funds uh bad priorities you know I mean for me for example I noticed the government's waste enormous amount of money on climate change uh that that could all be uh or d especially in California DEI you should thank your lucky stars Virginia you probably don't have a lot of DEI in West Virginia but there's all this nonsense spending and I think that if uh if we could or if some of us could s you know aggregate this and tell a story about it like you know governments across the western part of the United States spent x billions of dollars on climate and DI initiatives and it achieved absolutely nothing for their uh for their citizens. I think that's an important story and that can only be told by collecting and then quering an enormous amount of unstructured data. But I think it I think it's a very worthy project and it's one that would distinguish us from open the books because again I think they are the ones who have tackled this issue of of checkbook spending that you seem to be one Sean. Yeah. So I I think that's exactly the right approach. Um so basically uh when I talk about a data pipeline um it's kind of a fancy term but essentially the idea is to find data in its natural state and then process it get access to it. Don't do anything to it yet and then once you get access to it you put it in some kind of storage that now you have a good long-term access to essentially what you're talking about. Then you can start processing it and and do things with it. put it in a database. Um, this is quite often what I've been doing when I've been doing u using rag. Instead of retuning a model, an AI model, I actually put it into a vector and a graph databases um so that um it's accessible um for AI models. Anyway, totally dorking out, but um the the general idea is um using unstructured data. Um they used uh this was a popular thing about a decade ago text databases and um no SQL became really popular. Yeah. Because it's it's very expensive time-wise and computer uh time wise to put everything into a very structured form and you know why bother um if if it's just a bunch of random information we'll just leave it in its natural state. So yeah I would agree with that. Um and in in a lot of cases um you know depending on how old or um how fringe it is we may not care to process it but now at least we have access to it um and for the future state of when we do want to do something with it. So, um, so yeah, it' be a multi-stage process. Um, ultimately, um, my intention would be to do very similar to what California Doge and what Data Republican is doing, which is to make pretty graphs, uh, make searchable tables so that research researchers can go in and and find out new things. But there's no reason why we wouldn't be able to make the raw data which I've done as well also available to to researchers so they can go off and and find you know their own information rather than whatever assumptions we made when we processed it to present it because we have to make decisions. Um a lot of times I'll discard like you know whole bunch of data that I don't think is relevant and then very likely six months from now I realize oh I actually wanted that. Um, so you know, so anyway, um, but that that's part of the awesome interesting thing of doing this is if we do this as a wider collection of folks that are interested in a common cause, so to speak, of um, uh, gathering a whole bunch of data that's um, that tells hopefully a story of how um, city, county, state, federal governments are actually working, the transparency of it, the messiness of it. then we can do cool things with that information. Um, but if we don't gather it, we can't do anything. So, we can just rant and rave at the windmills. Um, I'd like to tackle those windmills one by one. So, it would be nice to have the receipts. Like, these are the receipts. These are the actual receipts like you were saying. Yes, I agree with you. And it, as an example, um, Mark was asking me that very question of in California, where, you know, where are the purchase orders? And strangely enough, I hadn't really thought about it until he asked me and I went, wait a second, I should go looking for those purchase orders. And there actually is a state of California purchasing system that they publish uh, most of the information. It's really hard to read. Um, and it's very archaic, but it is somewhat in a their own goofy standard. And so if and when I find the time to process that and make it available, it's actually out there to be to be come through. But it is, you know, it's uh it's more work. So, um, you know, there's there's probably at least 150 sources of data for the state of California government that I could process. So I I picked uh I think I've I picked five so far. So you know I'm just scratching the surface as far as what could could be done. But um as we grow and each state is going to have their own thing and we build teams that are interested in doing you know a particular purpose like state of Virginia or state of California we can you know hopefully get up to processing more and more of those the data that's actually available. And also there are ways of processing microfish as well. There's some projects that have actually done that um kind of little bit different but kind of similar to how the search engines have processed um uh books um actual paper books. So there's there's a projects that have actually done this work. So it's a it's a known pro known there's a known solution um to doing this kind of stuff. Okay. So let me ask you this. Um so we've met tonight is Monday. So do you did you have a vision of having uh so many meetings to discuss further visions? What what do you need ultimately for me? What can I be working on? Whether it's sharing out your X platform, sharing out your vision, your website, whatever. Because I hit the ground running. So usually I don't you know if I'm on X and you know I'm already on there what you know in the next week what would you like to see happen then the next 30 days. What would you like to see happen between now and the turning point while we're gathering people together? Because to define roles as you're going might be easier than everybody trying to come together but not really having direction. Sure. So um I can go first and I'd love to hear from everyone. So, my thinking is um I create a G doc. I share it with y'all. Um I write down what I want to talk about at Turning Point and what I want to get out of it. Um and you each do the same. And um and hopefully we find some common ground and we get more people that want to write their stuff in a dig which hopefully means either they're going to show up or somebody representing them is going to show up and that we have an hopefully that turns into an agenda of what we're going to talk about when we're there and what we want to accomplish. So you're hoping that Turning Point will actually be the launching pad where everybody will come together. What do you intend to do between now and turning point to get people, hey, this is what we're doing? Because people aren't going to jump on board to, hey, let's just meet at turning point. You know what I mean? They're going to be like, oh, okay. Well, and you've explained it. I understand it, you know, as much as I can, not understanding complete technical side of it. But if we're going to ask people, hey, let's do this, you know, how do we get people involved collectively and what will the group look like? I guess is what I'm asking. Okay. Um, bless you. What? Bless you.

What do you think, Pierce? Put you on the spot. What What would you like to do between now and turning point since you've been so quiet? Oh, you're still on mute, buddy.

I I would like to get more people involved and have like uh continuous spaces so we get people to come and want to see our thing. And I think maybe it'd be good to have like a class at Turning Point of Grock to write code. Oh, okay. So, V coding session. All right. Yeah, I'm down with that. Yeah.

Yeah. Because like life's too short to read a DTD if you know anything about a XML. And I have yet to read a DTD. You know, I've had to read the XML to see what the data actually looks like, but that's true. And the DTD is often fantasy. So, okay, valid. Um Mark, yeah, it's looking very serious. You're frozen, but we can still hear you though. Oh, yeah. He's sorry. Yeah, you you got your serious face going on. What would you like to do between now and if if you have the opportunity to show up at America Fest? Uh I I mean I'm interested in this idea of recruiting uh kids uh young or young people to get involved. Uh I uh I don't know if I had talked to you about this, Sean, but I actually had attempted a hackathon uh back in uh in March and wasn't totally happy with the results, but I'd love to get um more people interested in the idea of scraping local government data and putting it up into open source. So I think you know there are 90,000 local governments in the US and uh this is a very labor even with artificial intelligence is a very labor intensive activity. Yeah. So I do think that this is something that requires a lot of bodies and uh uh you know as as you well know uh there's a lot of unemployment in the tech industry right now. So there should be a lot of opportunities to get people to volunteer to help us out. Okay.

Stephen, are you on the spot? Yeah. No. So, I'm going to try to make a post is that so ultimately what the the idea Regina here is we're trying to get to build a team in every state. So, so they, so what those young guys, they can actually because there it's impossible for like what five of us to research every local government and whatnot. It's just not going to happen. As Mark said, it's very labor incentive intensive. And uh so what we're trying to do is take our model, teach young kids on, hey, this is what we're doing. You can do this in your state and Turning Point USA. If we can get people actually to show up and then have a conversation with people over there, maybe we can build little army going on and uh and expand on that. Like each state will have whatever whomever lives over there be like they be looking at their data uh in their prospective state and we can probably do a website where everybody dump their stuff in there and and uh because I I I do want to consolidate every expose I've done into a website or something and uh Okay. Yes, that's a great idea. So, with that said, um I do know a couple of people that are running for office that are very involved in their states in the state of Texas as well as some other places and this would be a great opportunity to talk to them. I've actually sat down, interviewed one of them, but um I mean I think they would be on board and if we can get local, you know, uh Sheldon Daniels, who's running for the 30th Texas District congressional seat, it was against Jasmine Crockett, but not anymore. They and M and Payton Jackson in the 33rd Texas district. They are all about the youth getting the youth involved in business plans and all and I'm sure they know some hackers too. But I mean all of this sounds great. Uh and it sounds to me like America Fest is the goal. And the question is how do we bring people together? How do you bring people together? How do you get people to want to do this and give clear definition? There has to be a starting point where everybody collectively comes together and says okay this is what I can do. This is what I can do. Um, I think it sounds great and whatever role you need me to play, just let me know. I do work better with clear definitive roles like if you say, "Hey, I need you to do this." I mean, I can work without micromanagement. I'm just saying this seems new. I'm learning everybody. So, I will do my due diligence, go to the websites, all of that. But I'm web two and I've got a lot of connections in web three as well and with website builders, all of it. So, whatever you need, just let me know. Yeah. I think between all of us here um we can build probably anything that needs to be built. Um so I think we have a good cross-section of uh engineering skills. So probably not that we want to discourage more to join because the more we can build out a tech team the best I mean the better. Um, it would be awesome to essentially build out maybe accidentally or on purpose the all the components of an actual working organization, you know, marketing, human resources, engineering, um, all that. Uh, what am I saying? I guess there's other stuff too. Um, but, um, that you you mentioned money before. Um, if we could get financial help for folks that need it to show up, that might be useful. somebody that might not show up if if they don't have like help with the the flight cost or something like that or the hotel. That might be something to consider um as we get closer. Um so let me just say this. You guys do realize that there is not much time between now and December, right? And um you know depending on what you're trying to get together to get people to agree on that you know if you're saying like 20 people I would definitely recommend hosting regular spaces just on that event right the first this is the fir do weeklies do bi-weeklys if you can and I'm always willing is too to host or co-host a space I don't really bring that many people because I don't really host spaces but if I co-host or I'm a listener in the comment section, we'll get it going. But definitely, you got to start hosting those regular spaces. I would say since you're strong on the X platform, Aladdin is too that um start getting people hyped about it and then they're going to start, hey, what's this? And as soon as they hear Turning Point, that right there is going to bring people in. Um so yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, the only reason I didn't talk about it before is because I wasn't sure if other than Stephen Pierce and I, anybody was interested. So, um, so it does sound like there's some interest. So, let's do it. Um, and, um, I'm fine. Um, we could even hold this meeting as, um, as an Xpace. I mean, there's no reason why it couldn't be. Um, that would, you know, be kind of a cheat code and whoever wants to join in and and talk. I mean it it would be less work because then we wouldn't have to do it twice. But let me tell you if we do that look I try not to be in X spaces because some of them can go on for hours and I'll stay in a six-hour space. I'm just saying if it's a regular thing we want to honor people's time and there will be people that if you invite them up on the stage. So you definitely need a strong person that's co-hosting that can redirect the conversation and stuff like that. Okay. Yeah. Six hours. That That sounds horrible. Wow. Listen, Stephen can tell you it's brutal out here in these X spaces and stuff like that. I've been doing it for almost two years. And you know, when you're trying to launch a you wouldn't believe. And you know, we come with the stance that, hey, we want to get everybody up on the stage that's interested in it. But a lot of people will come in just to show their projects or you know and then they go with the passive aggressive and there is a way to steer conversation back you know without being rude to people and a lot of people don't understand that. Yeah. Um yes uh I'm happy to co-host um but we could always um share that responsibility. That's fine. Um being that I've done podcasting before maybe I have a little bit more sense of timeliness. Uh hopefully. Um usually my my casts were somewhere between a half hour to 40 minutes. I you I didn't try to get too much longer than that because I just felt like nobody would pay attention that long. They just zone out. If you're going to host a space on this, you're going to need it to at least run an hour. And especially if you're trying to get people in and interested. So the more people that come into the space, the longer you want it to go on. Especially if you're trying to get people to come together, get interested in this project. And I think people are interested in it. They're sick of the BS that they've been handed. They don't believe anything. The trust is gone. We need to bring the trust back. Yeah. The uh hour is fine with me. Um Pierce, Stephen, am I signing you guys up for something? Are you you you good with that? Meaning uh we don't all have to show up at the same time every uh every time, but one or two of us would uh be necessary. Uh maybe do it on Saturday. Uh maybe do it on Saturday because I work every day. Yeah. Yeah. And I work until 900 p.m. So then you take Saturdays because I Door Dash on the weekends as a family. So if we could host spaces, you know, when Aladdin when Stephen if he agrees the Saturdays and he knows if he needs a co-host, whatever whatever y'all need, I will do it. Just let me know. And I need at least 48 hours advanced notice. I prefer more, but I like to be Yeah. Yeah. Well, well, I'd prefer to have a set time set times and dates um so that that way people don't have to think about showing up. So, when I I've done inperson meetups as well, I I ran about um geez, a whole bunch of them, over hundred. Um but, uh after a period of time, people didn't even look at the schedule anymore. They just said, "Oh, it's Thursday. I I go here." Um they just show up. So, we'd want to encourage the same sort of behavior. Um, yeah, I can do I can do probably 10 o'clock on Saturdays. 10 a.m. Yeah, 10:00 a.m. Mountain time because uh obviously it would be 12:00 East Coast and it will be what is it? 9. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, that that works. Um uh let's coordinate a schedule, get it to each other. where we have a week until Saturday. If someone can do us, I would start Saturday and then get a schedule of dedicated people Saturday. Uh Stephen says he does it if that's every week or bi-weekly and then you know I'll dedicate a space or I would rather co I I need to you know put drop your ex handles or I'll get with him on back channels but let's get a schedule of this together like he's locked in for Saturday whatever you know. Um because we could sit here and hash it out all evening long trying to figure out our schedules. But we got another five hours, right? Look, I I did a live today. I covered I'm tired, y'all. But I'm here. I will listen. I will be whatever. I'm I'm just grateful for the opportunity. Well, I appreciate your your uh your uh offer to help. I appreciate it. um because it's uh I I know that it is a considerable amount of work to do this stuff. So um okay. So uh that works for me. Do we want to have a second alternating time uh during the week or do we think Saturday at 9 PT 10 central is good enough? I think once a week is fine. Okay. Yeah, I say once a week Saturday if the interest increases and it has to branch off which is your hope anyway, right? It's supposed to be state by state. So then eventually organically, you know, hey, I'm from Texas. Hey, I'm from Missouri. We and eventually people will come together and then you'll have your core of where we started and then they'll start their own spaces and that's the hope, right? Isn't that the hope? Turning point. But I think it'll stay with the once a week space until we get to turning point and then people will bring in other people. So I think it sounds like a great idea. I think it can be a welloiled machine and I think you started off right by this call and not starting it as an X space for the initial right. Um, do we want to So, um, I think most or some of or at least some of us are part of the topic exchange community and the Doge I can't remember the whole name. Um, the the Doge community. Um, do we want to try to bother the admins at one or both of those to to cast? I guess you can only cast on one at a time, but um, yeah, I think we Gardner. Okay. I think about it. What's that? I said absolutely reach out to anyone and everyone and Shell has offered to help as well, so she can also be a co-host. Um I don't know if you know who that is, but um yeah. Uh, so does that sound which do you just going to uh you want to just bug Gardner Stephen and and see which one he thinks is most appropriate and we'll cast there? Yeah, I'll let I'll let him up. All right, sounds good. We're delegating responsibilities already. This is this is turning out great. Um, yeah. And you guys, my strength, I will come in. I don't necessarily need to be a speaker. You can acknowledge me. That'd be great. But I'll be in the comment section sharing stuff, you guys. And as I'm sharing it, you know, important stuff. Make sure someone's pinning because that's really important. And make sure we're recognizing people that are coming in, too. And that's where your comment section person is, your co-host, resetting the room, all and Sean, you know how to do that. Stephen, anybody who's doing spaces knows how to do all that stuff. But I'm super excited. So, we're saying 9:10 uh 10 Mountain time. That's 11 Eastern time. Saturday is the first one. Do you have a title, description, all of that? It'll be 12 Eastern because it'll be 10 Mountain, right? It's all right. It's all good. Uh uh Oh, you you went on mute.

Sorry. Yes. All these time zones is what I was saying. I'm going to get all the clocks behind me one day. Yeah, it's okay. Uh just didn't want to get the wrong time stuck stuck in your head. Um so, uh do you do you want to join us as well, Mark? Can you make that time? Does that sound like something to do? Uh some some weeks I might be able to make it, but uh um yeah, I'll talk to you offline about it. Okay. Okay, sounds great. Okay. Um so uh I did uh reach out to other folks to join this call for whatever reason they weren't able to join but there was varying levels of interest. Um uh just a side note a side note that um uh because I have I guess everyone has this bug now but um I have like six other projects that I'd like to work on. Obviously, there's no way that I can possibly do that, but one of them is Palisad's Berm Project. Um, and I've been talking to uh one of the uh actually a couple of uh assemblymen um both women, but assembly California assemblymen um and uh they're both interested in doing something about it, but the um we have a the problem of it's it's expensive to run drones and you need somebody who's qualified. Uh but the the general idea is to um to run drones over the burn areas and um use a lot lines and actually talk show people the progress of the burn uh the burn work. Um there other disaster areas that we could do this as well. So anyway, long story short, I'm not necessarily trying to pitch the project, but what I'm saying is um hopefully I can get um Lisa and some of the other folks that I've been talking to this project, it's it's pending probably funding or drone operators or both. uh but get them involved as well. Maybe I can get them to come out and join us. Uh but you know, it would be an interesting similar but different project and hopefully we can get some of these others. Um another interesting one, um I just shared this with Mark. Um there's a guy who's um been on his own um basically processing elections data in the state of California. Um probably applicable to other states as well, but he's just taken it on as a passion project. So with the redistricting that's going on, he was quickly able to uh grind out the geoloccation data that it was posted. It's very difficult that it's like a completely different lang. It is a completely different language, but he was able to grind out the differences and actually show quite quickly um the differences in the districts. So for somebody like um uh is it Scott Presler uh goes by the the term or the moniker the persistence he's been really Pennsylvania yeah who really Pennsylvania possibly turn that state Republican actually or at least contributed to it greatly but he's been talking about expanding to California and some other areas and I'm like hell yes let's you know because he's not him personally but his network is extremely strong. Um but um he could help mobilize people to um work on those areas that are are overlapping is um the nice folks in the Democratic Party of the state of California has given us a nice the differences in the maps is where we should be trying to raise um Republican registration. It's that's the place we should be focusing because they they gave they gave us the directions. All we have to do is use it now. So, um so we don't have to go across the whole entire state to um get over the get another 10% Republican. We just have to focus on those areas. And it's actually quite a small cross-section. It's maybe five 10% of the state. So, it's pretty interesting. So, that's another project. Maybe I could get him and some other folks.

What's that? No, sorry. That's my uh radio. Yeah. All right. All right, gentlemen. I'm gonna have to y'all farewell and good night. I look forward to Saturday. Uh Stephen, make sure I have everybody's exhandles, please. You and I will be on back channels. I'll give you all my personal information, all my information public. I'll see y'all Saturday, and I'm sure we'll be talking between now and then. All right. All right. Awesome. Hey, thanks. Thank you guys for this opportunity. Thank you. It was nice meeting you, Pierce, Mark, and Bye. All right. Bye.

See you. See you.