---
date: "23-08-2025"
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 23 Aug 2025 Weekly Meeting

## Meeting Information

- **Meeting Type:** Weekly  
- **Date:** 23 Aug 2025  
- **Time:** 09:00 PT  
- **Location:** Google Meet https://meet.google.com/cps-xhxz-khf
- **Video** <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rdYtwFop2CQ?si=zj7xsAdRxTcANe_O" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## agenda

- meet and discuss meeting f2f on conservative tech projects @ AmericaFest 2025 in Phoenix 18-21 Dec 2025
- setting hotel room block to hold researvations
- funding the core group travel, event expenses
- adding more projects to the site carousel
- using the events calendar
- Review action items from previous meeting

## notes

- sean to help steven, regina on github
- steven, regina create , record how to edit files in github
- create americafest agenda so yall can start sharing the plan
- create list of state government level spending options, e.g. CA = ..., MA = ...
- create a big group of federal, state, county, city data that research tools can query
- CKAN is the standard that OpenGov doing work at county and city level
- map of US tools , add heatmap for number of tools
- keyword support
- cali-doge.org/network is a starting point for DOGE state interesed 
- X space planning regina
    - directing people to the website
    - sign ups mean what
    - what day, time. make it regular
    - one planning, one for marketing and PR
    - September 6,2025 9am pst 10am mt 11 ct 12 pm eastern
- sean talked about the idea of getting together at americafest
- regina is going to manage event AV
- we will need a corp to act as the bank for fundraising to cover the americafest event orginizers expensives
- book hotel room block, 10-15+ rooms
- find hotel conference space
- sean add some open data history to the doc site
- 


## chat

00:06:15.233,00:06:18.233
Prescott's Notetaker: Hi, I'm an AI assistant helping Prescott Paulin take notes for this meeting. Follow along the transcript here:  https://otter.ai/u/YvtSgWdsJ3tOFAn2WhOK5wJi84I?utm_source=va_chat_link_2

You'll also be able to see screenshots of key moments, add highlights, comments, or action items to anything being said, and get an automatic summary after the meeting.

00:19:55.095,00:19:58.095
Pierce Wetter: How do you spell "Seacam"?

00:20:16.813,00:20:19.813
Regina Connell: CNAM

00:20:25.129,00:20:28.129
sean roberts: CKAN

00:20:31.047,00:20:34.047
Regina Connell: CKAN

00:20:35.346,00:20:38.346
Regina Connell: sorry

00:30:54.098,00:30:57.098
Regina Connell: highlight your amost decade of working on this

00:44:28.334,00:44:31.334
Prescott's Notetaker: Takeaways from the meeting 👉💬 

[ ] Regina to develop a plan for the initial event or presentation within the next 72 hours. (Regina Connell)
[ ] Explore tools and strategies for managing social media and communication channels more efficiently. (Group)
[ ] Steven to create a GitHub account to be added to the project's organization. (Steven Al Ebadi)
[ ] Investigate the feasibility of building an AI-powered tool to aggregate government financial data across states and localities. (Sean Roberts)
[ ] Update the list of states interested in financial transparency and the "Doge" concept on the California Doge / Doge Network website. (Sean Roberts)

See full summary - https://otter.ai/u/YvtSgWdsJ3tOFAn2WhOK5wJi84I?utm_source=va_chat&utm_content=wrapup_v4&tab=chat&message=4ba0a913-b45f-4907-83ad-9c42b95eb009

00:53:31.151,00:53:34.151
Regina Connell: break into 5 bullet points 1.5 hour space

00:53:45.831,00:53:48.831
Regina Connell: stephen give brief pitch and back story is important

01:05:43.910,01:05:46.910
Regina Connell: September 6,2025 9am pst 10am mt 11 ct 12 pm eastern

01:35:15.772,01:35:18.772
sean roberts: https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues

01:53:12.392,01:53:15.392
sean roberts: https://dogenetwork.org/docs/meetings/meeting-23aug2025

## transcript

edit. So, and go to edit docs on GitHub.

Uh, yeah. Yeah, that that's one good option. Sure. I think it makes a branch for you. Oh, shoot. Okay, hold on. Let me save this page. Okay, got it saved. And I'm happy to if uh if you want some uh assistance or uh or me to walk through some of the how to edit this some of the stuff, feel free to reach out anytime. Happy to help. Maybe we could schedule a little training class that we could edit that we could put on the website too. Stephen and I, you know, or people that want to do, you know, do the share screen and all of that. That way you don't you're not constantly repeating yourself, which I know you don't mind, but you know, we're trying to get stuff done. That's a great idea. Um yeah, and I uh I I didn't add a whole bunch of um or excuse me, um I I didn't add a whole bunch in the back end to make it super simple because um I've been working on other things. Um, so potentially in the future if I have some spare time, I could try to make it so that folks that have an account could edit in line on the web page. They wouldn't have to go to the GitHub part, but um I haven't had it'll take a few minutes for me to set that up, but that should be theoretically possible. The problem is that I've used this docuer as kind of the base. So there's uh a certain amount of limitations to um so I I could build it but I might actually break the docuer site if I um build something that's incompatible. So we'll take baby steps. You're you know with developers and you know uh I I chose that you know format because it was so simple and I know that most people you know and as I'm learning I mean I love it. It's very clearcut. there's not a lot of stuff hitting me in the face, you know, it's very professional. Um, and I love the ideas of, you know, as it grows, bringing in those ideas because being able to edit directly from there would be woof, that would be amazing. But I'm more than willing to edit up any of these, you know, because I can always record and stuff. It's not a big deal when you're doing training stuff. So, we need to schedule that because I want to learn, too. Cool. Cool. That's that is a great idea. So, um, okay. So, uh, actually, let me start writing notes.

Uh, and I've got you, too. I'm writing like training modules, sessions, whatever you could, you know, something really short, like 10, 15 minutes if that, you know, um, per thing that you're going over. Or we could do it in one one hour session and I can break it apart. So, I don't mind doing stuff like that. But yeah. All right. I'm taking notes, too. Let's go. Yeah. Sweet. And um and actually an interim thing is afterwards I'll push my notes um from the meeting and then uh Regina or anybody else could try to push yours and I can um walk be on the call with you or um we walk through how to do it real quick. It's it's one of those things uh once you do it once you'll probably figure it out. It's pretty intuitive, but if you've never done it, some of the language is weird, like pull request. If you don't if you've never worked with that before, it's it actually Well, it's just it's a different language. So, yeah, I was watching some stuff with coders and stuff yesterday and the language. Give me a second. Give me a second. I'll be right back. No problem, Steve. Yeah. Yeah, it's different. Um, I've I've tried to train uh I was at a a startup and uh with a lot of policy folks and writers and I tried to train them multiple times how to use GitHub and I gave up. I got could I got artists to use it using um source tree which is the the graphical tool. Yeah. And it's free from Atlassian because they want to pimp their Bitbucket clone of GitHub. Right. And that was super productive because previously it would be this nonsense of like the artist would come to me and say, "This is not 14 pixels." And I'm like, "Okay, do you see these glasses? I cannot tell that that's not 14 pixels." And they're like, "Oh, okay. That's fair." I say, and you know, and I would get these, you know, a million little tiny bugs. I'd be like, "Hey, how about if I make you self-sufficient?" And they'd be like, "Okay." And so then I taught them how to use um Git uh with GitHub and source tree and then they just happily went and edited all the all their little tweaky stuff themselves and they were happy as a clam and you know versus telling me to move something three pixels over. I was like you know artists can often like give you Photoshops and say here just replicate this in CSS and you're like oh no do not want to do that. Understood. Um, yeah, I'm happy to add whatever tools as well. I mean, it doesn't have to be as bare bones as how I've set it up. It was just a good place to start. Um, and using docuerve is is basically a cheat code for myself because it has a lot of the uh document management stuff built in that I didn't have to rewrite. So, okay. So, um, so we'll I I'll work with you all at your own pace. Um I think Pierce is pretty experienced with GitHub so I don't need to give him any extra help there but um happy to help both Stephen and Regina anybody else and that um so I'll help both of you guys on your own pace and then um and from this um I like the idea of you guys since you're um beginners um creating a training video. I think that's a great idea. Um, and then uh on the side I'll I'll work on making it so we can uh edit in line. Um, so that's cool. I I do want to get to a couple things. Yeah, please do. Let's do it. First, we really need to advertise oursel and but the thing is like I have not posted anything about it because we did not have an agenda uh ironed out and solid and good to go. And I want to get to that point so I can start post about it. Yeah. And let's get there. Yeah. So hopefully we can get the agenda knocked out today and the actual goals that we need to achieve. Then I start posting about it because I do have some people actually they do like hardcore followers and I'm pretty sure they will show up at the America Fest. Nice. Before you get into the second thing, Stephen, can I piggyback on what he said? Get out of my head right now. Uh, Alabati Aladdin, because I was thinking the same thing, especially for the first meeting. And I believe that it should be really general, you know, like uh this is the goal, this is how we plan to get there, this is what we plan to achieve, and then really break down and do like a time slot like an hour and a half, two hours for the first one or whatever. And like he said, you know, we could start working on promo packages because that had been my intent, you know, with titles and everything because all that stuff matters on the Xplatform. So that's all I had on that. Keep going, Stephen. Yeah. So, uh, Sean, after the meeting, uh, we can circle back and I do want to post about something to about us. Uh, and, uh, and I want to post something today just to Yeah, just to get get it going. And, uh, let's do it. Yeah. So, uh again, our goal, Regina, our goal, uh I don't know if we hashed this out last meeting or not. The goal is basically for us to meet at America Fest, advertise oursel, tell people what we're doing. Hopefully, we can get these young people to get on board and start do their own research in their perspective uh states and locality. And it will be basically crowdsource effort because we can't just research every state, every county, every city. It it just we don't have the numbers. So what we're trying to do is crowdsource and get everybody mobilized to uh uh do the same effort that we're doing. So that's that's the main goal for this whole thing. Uh, right. Did I get that? Did I Did I get that right, Sean? Or Yeah, I think so. Yeah, that looks fantastic. The only request I would make is that, you know, we really spend a good 15 to 20 minutes really talking about the guts of, you know, like you said, really breaking it down in layman's terms because, you know, some people I've I've actually been talking to a couple of people on back channels, one person in particular, and he's a developer and, you know, he's all about helping people and I told him a little bit about, you know, what this was and I was like, but hold off. Let me give me a couple weeks, but I know we're planning a space. So, I'm planning to invite people, too. Um, and I love these outlines, stuff like that. And, you know, I'll be pinning stuff in the in the comment section as we're going, you know, and have a a Q&A session, you know, maybe like the last 15 minutes. But, this is perfect because we do need to get funding of some sort to be able to do, you know, to get to America first. And I love the every six months and all of that. So, yeah, keep going. And this outline is fantastic. Awesome.

So, uh do we want to Well, I I wrote some notes uh for an agenda, but um uh we could just jump right into the the agenda itself and um start working on that. What How do you guys want to Do you want to talk about some of the agenda items here? Um actually, I could bring them up side by side as well. Um, what are you what are you guys thinking? Oops. So, I think the first thing I would start with is like an overall bird's eyee view. Spend about five to 10 minutes talking about what the overall objective is, right? Because there's, you know, so many things that you're working on. You've got your great outline. Then kind of break it down, you know, uh, leave the allure there. Keep people, you know, suspenseful about the America Fest. What is America Fest? You know, and all of that. And then all of this will come into play as you're explaining it. Now, when you're explaining it, you got to find your own groove or whatever. But as long as we are familiar with the project, you know, we can jump in and answer questions. So, right now, I'm learning from y'all. So, whenever you explain something right here, when I come into the uh whether I'm in the comment section, listening section, up on stage, co-hosting, it doesn't matter. I'm still able to answer questions, you know, uh back up what you're saying, show them the outlines, give uh direct people to the website, stuff like that. So, um and the more we can get people because the whole goal is to get them to do their own research, right? So, if we start handholding people, that's not going to work.

Yeah. The other thing, Sean, uh you can probably write some sort of a script or query or something uh to scrape the internet and see.

Maybe we can start on the state level, then we can go to the locality. uh figure out what websites they use or what links they use uh for their spending like you know on the on the federal level they use the the USA spending.gov and the FBDS. Uh because each state when you say D, who are you talking about? Are you talking about the people that'll be coming in that are curious about the project or are you talking about the government entities? No. So because we are going to face uh an issue like people is like oh how uh where can I go look for my state funding or uh uh or county funding and whatnot because all all of these people they have their own websites or their own databases and if we can figure out uh scrape the internet through let's say AI and whatnot uh and we get like basically consolidate a list. It was like okay state of California uh the state itself they use this for their uh basically spending and then we break it down to counties or cities. Does that make any sense, Sean? Yeah, it does. Yeah, I think that's that's certainly a good place to start. Um, so, uh, uh, to bring everyone else, uh, where Stephen's going is, um, one of my early or, uh, one of my, my stretch goal for, uh, uh, creating California Doge, and I had this idea of, I didn't know what else to call it, so I called it Doge Network. Um, but the the my stretch goal for doing this would be to um uh get all 50 states with their own Doge sites um either run by the government, excuse me, either run collaboratively with uh p uh private people and the government or just run by private folks like myself. Um and then uh as part of that um within those states uh get those sites to actually work with all the um city and county data sources, their financials. So that essentially you could go to any one of these one states um sites and you'd have access to all 50 states um uh uh data um from the state down to the county down to the city. Um so that that's a huge idea. Um but the reason why I think that's even possible right now is that um OpenGV and a few other organizations have started uh excuse me have uh started a business over the last five, seven, eight years of going around um and using the uh the uh the reasoning of uh foyer requests are expensive uh labor wise for u counties. and cities. Um, and it whenever you get a generally they're around finances and whenever a city gets this, they generally have to go into an Oracle database or something like that to dig out contracts and information. And they're not set up typically to um respond to these requests. So, it's very painful for them. Um, so labor wise, the foyer requests they get from activists are um very time consuming, very expensive. So, OpenGV and a few others have gone around and said, "Wouldn't it be nice if you made this data public by default? We'll show you how. Here, sign here." Um, and they've made a business about it. And not every city and county obviously are signed up, but there's quite a few now. And there's some competitors that are doing the same thing. The nice thing is most of these, not all of them, but most of them have um an API that's aderes to the SECAN standard, which is a public knowledgebased standard, which means that there's a whole bunch of information sources out there that are being underutilized that if somebody like us plugs into them and uh we'd have to start working with these folks saying, "Hey, you know, give us a give us access." But they're They're all set to the standard, which means that potentially um we could build an AI AI agent or something like that. They could start going out and making queries to these sources. So theoretically, it would take a considerable amount of work, but it's at least a a known unknown to quote Rumsfeld um of that you could build a tool um that would be able to query all these sources. And so if you had a question of like Tides Center, which is a a easy punching bag, you know, how many uh how many relationships are there with the tide center or affiliates out there in the country? And you could search potentially all those data sources might take a couple hours because all those data sources would have to spawn on their own speed. Um but you could build an agent that would go out and start querying all of them asking for that information. You could get back a report. um you know that would give you that information and it would be real time or as real time as those data sources are. I mean that's that's something that I don't think anybody's really considered would be possible. Um so anyway, sorry that was a very long explanation, but okay, now I got to look up CCAM. No, thank you for that because um the more that you're talking, the more it confirms the person that I was talking to who would know exactly what you're talking about. And you know, that's the one thing I've been saying, but no one they're like, "Oh, that's not possible or that's a pipe dream or you know, it would be so involved in in the fact that you're willing to take this on and I'll use West Virginia as a perfect, you know, our governor was just talking about, you know, broadband this, broadband that." And that's something he, you know, every um every administration in West Virginia has been touting for quite some time. And it kills me because there's this website for this, that website for that. Most of them aren't even up todate, right? And I was talking to my friend Josh. I was like, you know, is would there be a way to do something like you just described that I don't think I described it? And he was like, yeah, you know, that's something that to bring it all together, one place where people can go and they're not confused and all over the place. This is amazing. So I think that's the heart of you know we got to find a way to script that out you know um when we do our space to say because you want to make it engaging exciting for people uh this is what we're doing you know what if there was just one place you could go what if these AI agents could be built to you know I mean you know we need your technical side to come in and just break it down for the developers that'll be in the room someone like Stephen who knows how to talk to is people like this is this is an amazing thing. My first question would be a lot of people will ask this is this officially affiliated with Doge and is it officially affiliated with Turning Point in any way or is that a hope? Uh yeah, not officially. Um or nothing officially. Uh oh yeah, sorry. Um, Pierce, it's spelled uh Charlie uh Knob uh Andrew Mark. I I don't remember the the proper proper names. We can we can actually we can actually get connected with Charlie Kirk through Jennica because Jennica actually they text. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, they they are connected. uh behind this that would be make everything a lot easier. Yeah. And uh

so yeah, I hope Jennica can get on board with us. But the thing is Jennica is so slammed and if you don't present her like solid plan, something clear. Yeah. Yeah. Something very clear u she's not going to pay attention to it. Yeah. No, I can. Yeah. Let me let me time out. Let me help you out. right there just to save time. So, there's a perfect thing. Let's get a nice perspective. I mean, it's already pretty much on the website. You've got the goals, the whatever, and then find a neat way to put it in bullet points, uh, meat and potatoes of it, like a presentation, right, that you would with anyone. So, that way it's nice, neat, to the point because when pitching people with something, especially if they're slam with time, they want it at a glance and something to jump out at them and say, "Oh, yeah." So, uh, I love what you're saying and I think that's a great idea and the website definitely push the website. I think, you know, I'm I'm messaging I'm messaging Jennica right now. I'm messaging about um proposing changes to any part of the website. It is meant as a starting point. Um, so I am not like the way it's organized or the words I used or even the colors. It is just meant as a starting point. So, um, you know, don't feel like you have to change anything, but, um, if you if, uh, you'd like to change like, you know, some of the order of things or some of the wording so that it it's better to what, um, what, uh, our intent is, please. What if we waited till we get more people on the website and get their feedback? Like there could be suggestions. There's no rush to do anything. I mean, it's Yeah, they'll be the ones we have to do. Yes. Yeah. Yep. I mean, I'd love to build this agent I'm talking about because I've been thinking about it for a few months, but I've just been um and I I actually built a prototype of that would do exactly this, but um you know, all the leg work to make it really possible is is obviously extremely time inensive. It would require a lot of outreach like talking to Jennica, talking to Charlie Kirk. You can't uh you can't automate that. It's human interaction is kind of uh kind of important. So um so um how how do we want to start? I I think we have the outlines of um at least one aspiration which is to create a big research uh a big pool of data so that um research tools could be built to query that data if I'm summarizing it correctly. That's the biggest highlight right there is the query tools and the AI agents. That's what's sexy to people. that's what they're going to want to hear about that oh my gosh there is a way to do this because nobody believes that there really is a way to do it they think it's so overwhelming because when I was talking to my friend Josh about it one guy came out was like oh that's not possible or uh all you got to do is go read the microfish and Josh was like do you understand what it takes to read certain things like if it's not really and so I mean definitely that would be the the thing that I would highlight right there because that's the whole crux of it the and then that gets people inspired to bring their knowledge to dump somewhere, you know. I don't know. But that's bird's eye right there. But yeah, definitely that right there. So Sean and uh Grumpy, let me ask you this. Uh,

can we build a website like what Jennica does or did with her website and you helped her out with that but hers is focused on NOS's and stuff like that and their network but can we build a website similar to that and let's say uh we have 50 tabs and each tab is one state and they can go and be like uh search funding in that perspective state could. Yeah, that's I didn't think I wouldn't do a tab. I would do a map that people can click on. I'm sorry. Say it again, Pierce. I talked to I would do 50 tabs. I would I just put a map of the United States up and you click on a state. You're like, I want Oregon there. I know where Oregon is.

Yeah. and and yeah and uh yeah we can do the map. I think the map is uh better than the tab uh like a listing each state but be like an index. Yeah, index and the map would do the same thing as your tabs would, right? Instead of clicking on a tab. Yeah, I think we've all agreed on the map. We could even do color coding based on what kind of projects are available for that state. Yeah. Yeah, let's do that. Put that in the agenda, Sean. And is that too difficult, Sean? We're throwing a lot at you right now. No, I'm right. I'm writing this down. Okay, good. And uh my here's thinking out loud and when you let's say you click on Georgia and you have a search option and be like uh it'll be like a contracts basically just put keywords and so people can pull funding on the state level and uh see what's what contracts or what spending that was allocated. uh and it will pull pulls it up and people can see was like okay this is from 2023 this one from from 2025 it's it's something similar eventually you could throw counties in there too like you know I think starting out with the state level as you're getting the AI agents built to do all of that but man this is this is gold right here yeah and and it will get more complex because uh I think each county they have their own spending website for contracts and money allocations and whatnot. And if you guys can link up like the counties and all that stuff, uh that way you can pull everything and you can filter it out. In some states, um I'll use Ohio as an example. Um uh Ohio is very structured which uh where it comes to finances uh from the cities, the counties, the townships up to the state. Um so typically um and they're probably up at a very high percentage now probably in the 90s I would assume um that uh the s all those uh localities um report their finances up to the state and so obviously if they're doing that they have to be doing it in some sort of standard some sort of common format so that the state can interpret what they're giving them. They've been doing this for years. Um so this gives the the state the opportunity which they've started doing about about eight about about nine years ago. Uh they basically had a a businessoriented guy that came in as um as the uh head of finance. I I forget the exact title in Ohio, but essentially he got elected as as the the finance guy and he had some technical experience. So he basically ran it like he was the C uh like he was a technical CFO. Um yeah I think I think it's called I think it's called the state treasurer. Yeah thank you. State treasure. Yeah. So he he basically organized stuff as a strong leader which is you know unfortunately a lot of states is lacking. And uh for the most part quite a few of the the localities responded and worked with him. Um he had to do a lot of outreach. Um I I spoke with them somewhat. um about how they were doing this and when they were doing it. But long story short, um every state is different. Some states like Ohio have been doing this for years and are super organized and they're probably uh uh the best or one of the best examples of how to do FOYA uh FOYA first I guess you could say or public the the uh the government's financial data is public by default first approach which makes um a lot of obviously a lot of transparency and and leads to a lot of people being able to dig through data and uh and uh folks that have the the interest and the activist sort of mentality, it gives them a lot to chew on. Um gives them a lot to to work on and hopefully make government better. So um now unfortunately every state is different. So ideally, you know, somebody like Ohio would lead the way and a lot of other states would follow. Some states have have taken their lead from a U like Louis Louisiana and a few others, but they already have their own history and their own ways of doing things. So, they've kind of roughly adopted some of the stuff. Um, so the other states aren't doing hardly anything at all. So, it's going to be different, I guess, is my message. Some states are going to be super organized and we can just plug into it. In other states, they need a shitload of help. I mean, just, you know, a lot of help. West Virginia. There you go. So it that's both a good and a bad thing. So um it depends on how receptive they are. So one of the things I started doing when I started building Cali Doge is I've I've started with open data kind of stuff about eight nine years ago. So I have some history. So I was already have the history of talking to Ohio and knowing what's possible and what's not possible. And um so fast forward to me creating Cali Doge um or California Doge, I started thinking about well who is really truly interested in doing something um at least they've talked about it publicly. So I created this list of states that are talking and thinking like the the treasurer of Ohio. They're talking about, you know, they're using the words Doge or the acronym Doge, but really what they're talking about is we want to be financially transparent. We think that's a good thing. Um, so um, so that's probably where we'd want to start. Um, and continue to build out that list. I it's under California DogeNetwork and that's I haven't updated it in since March, so it's a little bit out of date. Um, but that's Can Yeah, please. My speech is done. No, you're good. No, this is perfect because I'm thinking of questions that I myself would want to know and probably people that will come into the space, you know, because I feel like hopefully what we're going to talk about on Saturday will kind of be a regurgitation well organized um addition of this and our earlier meeting and this meeting is a lot more clear to me. Like I felt like last meeting I was kind of getting a bunch of information and now this is amazing. I would say um so with these okay with the ones that are the welloiled machines so like you said they are welloiled from the county I think using Ohio and Louisiana highlighting that you've been doing this for almost a decade um definitely will kind of bring people in to where it's like okay so this is what I can go to look for as an example of what our state or our county should be doing. Is that kind of Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think so. Okay, cool. This is

Write down some of the stuff that I babbled about. Uh, is this Trogo? Um, yeah. I can't wait to send this link of these record I mean the website to my friend Josh because he's going to be highly interested in this. Okay. Uh, yeah. And that's uh I'm trying to find about people that I know how their states operate and then now that you've already got this on the website that this is like you know like this is going to help so much. Awesome. And it um and I I think Stephen touched on this, but this is really um I I've done a lot of open source projects u which is a way of saying that um projects that uh maybe have some commercial application u but uh they're licensed publicly meaning that um anybody can use the the code or the the text um and the licensing terms are on the um site but typically they're they're pretty generous. So uh for example I have um an Apache 2 license out there for the code which uh and uh creative comments license for the text and to a certain extent all those licenses mean is if you want to reuse this stuff just give us attribution or and work with us essentially. That's the general idea. You okay Stephen? Yeah I am. Okay. Oh you were talking to somebody that you're on the you're on a meeting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry about that.

I I thought you were looking up for uh inspiration there for a second.

My buddy's messing with me. It was a th rocks.

There you go. Um so, uh so I I'm thinking like open source. So pretty much anything that I'm doing here um I'm thinking more in the terms of how do we get more people uh working independently and contributing. Um last thing I want to do um is uh I have a bit of a head start on some of this stuff. Um but the last thing I want to do is to be the only person that's you know talking and leading in these meetings. that I'd love to have, not that it's necessary, but I'd love to have uh more and more people showing up and contributing and maybe even spawning some of their own meetings as well to to work on side complimentary stuff. So that uh together we're working on this kind of common government transparency partially with financial, but there's other stuff as well. um and uh and uh making the collective tools better and um so that more research and more visibility um is is basically the result. So what if we focus Saturday on because there's a few things that definitely need to be established if we're planning on the Saturday space, right? You need to establish host, co-host, roles, uh a segment breakdown, which I can help you do all that if you want. um you know the intro getting people into the room but my number one goal it doesn't have to be Saturday it can be any day by the way right we'll figure it out but u my number one goal would be to uh and and we'll talk about the day in just a second my number one goal for the very first initial is directing people to the website getting them signed up because if they take that first step to sign up for the email and all of that then we know that the general interest is there not that they're doing it because they're doing me a favor, whatever. This is something that, hey, if this is something that you're not interested in or this is not for you, tell a friend, share it with someone, you know, that may be interested in it. This is where we and then we can kind of gauge who's interested. And then my DMs are always open. I'm pretty quick on responding, stuff like that. So directing people, hey, instead of going, hey, you can just DM any of us, be like, you know, DM this person, that person. And then of course, you know, you can use this armament to gauge, oh, I know this group, I know that group. But I think if like the website, if we can get people to that initial website and then get them excited about all of this and then sharing their information and all of that, yes, it will spawn off into you'll have, you know, different states holding their own spaces. We do need to figure out a definitive day. I think we need at least a week to plan script, get excitement going, get the momentum going. If it's going to be next Saturday, that's fine with me. And then, you know, we can kind of test out to see what's best for everyone. But, uh, I say give them a choice of like two, three dates. Don't, you know, hey, you give me your idea because you'll get a million different dates. So, those are just my ideas and input on as far as structuring like a space for the Xplatform. Sounds good.

So, uh, Regina, do you want to just like go take that and go with it and then, uh, come back to us with your plan? I definitely will. I'll have a solid plan for you in 72 hours after this meeting. Probably more. All right, sounds good. Uh, because you're that's more of your deal. I I'm much more comfortable writing code than I am planning an X space. All right. Um, awesome. Got you. I'm like Stephen's assistant, too. So, I'm everybody running behind you with the clipboard. I got you. All right, man. I I can't keep up with anything. Like, my DMs are bananas. Like, I I got like like I I literally have 50 DMs I've not looked at. And Yeah. And shame on you. Shame on you. You are getting 50 lashes. You know I don't play when it comes to that, Mr. Alibab. And you will never see him again. I can't I have a full-time job. It's like and I I I work I work until like 900 p.m. and by the time I get back it was like I'm just trying to catch up with the news and what's going on and tried to make at least one post. Yes. Make a general post to your subscribers and your viewers that you're sorry you haven't caught up on your DMs. You're working on it. Your assistant fell off. You had to fire her. whatever you have to say, but let your people know that you are thinking of them even while you're at work trying to catch up on DMs. Yeah. Get that guy throwing rocks at you to answer your DMs. Do something more productive. Oh my god. Yeah, that guy's a trip, man. He's a Bless his heart. Uh oh, you whipped out. Bless his heart. I'm gonna tell y'all right now, please. Let me just make this statement. Stephen knows how I roll. I will not start being a part of a community or any of that where people aren't getting back to people like if I start getting DMs like oh but this is something different. This isn't like but I'm just saying but then I'm like what if it starts happening to me and I can't keep up with it. Like I don't know. I'm not there yet but I got y'all. Whatever you need. Well that's actually actually this is a very good point. So um there's a couple of tools and obviously all tools come with uh you know you have to learn it you have to stay on top of it um but we're already using X and GitHub I guess and I guess Google Meet as well. Um so um there are a few tools that might uh allow us to u divide and conquer a bit on some of this stuff or to make sorry uh to make some of this a little bit less um troublesome. Uh so maybe we could uh start looking into you know uh some of the social media management tools for example that perhaps um some of us could help each other um the different uh accounts that we have that we're willing to that will be part of the effort that we're willing to share and maybe somebody like Regina could be helping out somebody like Stephen for example I don't know I would give access to let's say an assistant And but uh

because I don't just do Regina, hold on, let me get my thoughts out. Uh I talk to a lot of shady people and and uh because I don't just do an exposees and also I do terrorism stuff, right? So yeah, I talk to sources overseas. Ah yeah. So, your DMs are probably a little bit more private than most. Yeah. And uh that's Yeah. That's why I'm reluctant giving access to my Aladdin account to any anybody is just because uh I have sources uh that I don't want them to get exposed to anybody else. That's that that's Yeah, that's the only reason. So, so if I could just kind of give my resume, I do have um a a part an account with I'm an admin on his YouTube. I'm an admin on his ex platform. But, you know, if if you ever do consider an assistant, you should probably lead out with that because they may not want to, you know, you know what I mean? It could work both ways as far as the sensitivity and all of that and let people know, hey, you know, I don't know, there's crazy people out there and with what you do, I don't blame you at all. I don't blame you at all because you know you've stuff has happened in the past and you know you don't want anybody trying to set you up with the for the okie do or anything like that but yeah anybody who needs an admin or anything like that that's not like that I volunteer as tribute. Yeah, let me Yeah, I need I need to think deep and hard about that because the other thing is like I talked to I talked to sources like from Iran, Afghanistan, Iraq and whatnot and uh we correspond in Arabic like where can I find a source that speaks seven languages and sorry for that not not a source sorry an assistant that speaks seven language languages because I get sources I get sources like let's say from Afghanistan assistant yeah it's not it's actually is not there's no AI or there's no translate translation app out there that actually can translate because these people they talk slang like when I get like a source from Afghanistan and it was like a Steven uh blah blah blah and uh yeah it's not going to catch it as you have to understand the vernacular Yeah. Yeah. And uh so that that's one other aspect of it. And uh yeah, and uh Regina knows I'm actually fluent in several languages. So uh that's also a challenge. Uh so yeah, I'm I'm trying to figure this [ __ ] out. And sometimes I do posts and they go [ __ ] crazy. and my DMs goes haywire. Um, I still have like 50 DMs I need to read, catch up with because I get people like making stupid requests. It was like there's no way in hell we can pull that data and uh oh, I get a request. It was like uh about January 6, guys. It was like, oh yeah, can you dig up uh information on the prosecutor who went after these guys? and be like, and all of these guys are celebrities right now. I was like, they don't need my help. They got enough money. They're celebrities and they can pay a lawyer or somebody or someone researcher to dig up dirt on the prosecutor or something. Yeah. I was like, and yeah, [ __ ] like that. like it's it's ridiculous behind the scene to be honest and sometimes it gets very frustrating. Well, the the if we can come up with a few tools in addition to the ones we're already using that could help the people that are involved to kind of do more with um uh the same hands that are already doing work. then let's let's help each other out. So, um I'm starting to use HubSpot for um I've used other CRM in the past as well, but I'm starting to use HubSpot to try to organize um some work. Um and obviously there's GitHub and uh but anyway, not to get completely off track. So, um anyway, the link you dropped in the chat, I just followed it. Is that something that needs Did you want to explain that or I it the Otter

the notes. Here we go. Yeah, you're doing the minutes. Yeah, that's basically Otter takes um meeting notes essentially, which is awesome. It's essentially uh an intelligent transcription of the meeting. Oh, that's amazing. Oh my gosh. Okay. Yeah. Can Can I send this to Gardner? That's fine with me. Does anybody have a problem with that? No. Yeah. No, that's that's cool. Um, yeah. And Gardner and Shell and others were invited, so they probably just couldn't join. They're I think they're uh well, I don't know. I I think they're doing X faces and they um they may be busy with that, so I can't show up to this. Um, so, uh, all right. So, let's, uh, refocus because it's, uh, I want to be respectful of you guys time. So, u, Regina's going to help with, um, you know what? You know what? I have, I have an idea. Yeah, go ahead. Did you use an AI for this? I'm sorry. Did you use an AI for the uh, minutes? Uh, the notes. You mean Otter? The Otter. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Yeah, it's it's intel. Yeah, it's it's using an an AI model to summarize rather than there actually is a transcription that will be available as well after the meeting, but it won't be summarized and it it will just be, you know, raw information. So, Pierce is using basically takes it like a closed caption everything summariz. I thought I thought it was you. Um I might have done it accidentally. I I I actually I have a brilliant idea. And uh

we can cut off the recording. Oh, no. It's Prescott. I'm sorry. Okay. Looks like Prescott couldn't be here, so he added he invited his notetaker. Oh, so you can like fail in a meeting and it'll give you a transcript. Oh, how useful. Yeah. Yeah. Uh that's cheating. Let's It is cheating, but it's a good way of cheating. Okay. Uh, at the end of this, we can cut off the recording and I will pitch the idea for you guys because we can actually make some money out of this [ __ ] Okay. All right. Um, so, um, so Regina is going to work on planning the X, uh, Xace, which will take over for this GM meet. Um, so we'll do we'll essentially be doing the same thing but a lot more in the open. So hopefully we'll we'll get more people to show up regularly. Have we decided because we can do this? I this is how I would suggest doing it. Please I suggest you allow me to and it doesn't matter whose platform we do it from because I can attach it in the yard. But I believe that we should be live streaming. So, we're in the pink banner as well as the purple banner for each episode. It's very easy to do and it's kind of like Sean does with the water cooler. You've seen me do it before, but anyway. And then the actual space, I can also be in there as a co-host or or whatever. Um, but uh dang it, I just had it in the tip of my tongue. But yeah, that would be a great way for people who just want to kind of lurk and don't want to come into the space. They can just view it from the live stream. We can also be running banners to direct people to the website as everything's being explained. Um, and I'll say it again, the tighter that we can keep it where people, you know, they know what they're getting when they come in, because, you know, people could choose to be in any space and spaces are different, but I feel like as professional as we can keep it to honor people's time, uh, and then, you know, you could have an afterpace, you know, uh, huddle up where, you know, uh, but we need to establish where it's going to be ran from. Um, and I don't think it should be done from a bunch of different accounts. I think it should be done from the dogei whatever whatever the official one I agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. We can do it. We can do it from your Doge account. And uh Regina, we can do live spaces. Correct. Through uh what is it? Your uh uh stream something. Yeah, I'll handle all the stream. Just think of me like the producer, right? The producer, the all of that, the web two. I do have web three people and networking. Right now, I'm going to focus on the production of it, the scripting, all of that. I'm going to take your stuff. Yeah. Yeah. We be a lot more organized. This is a lot more ad hoc than um than we'd want in Xpace. We'd want to have, you know, an agenda and hit some bullet points. We don't uh for the random people that show up, we give them something to chew on. So, yep. And for those who know how to stream in music, that's an important part, too. It doesn't matter the music, but we need some sort of music. I know how to work the sound effects. Like, we got to do all of that for real. Yeah. And, you know, feel free to give me stuff to do as well. If you think I can uh you can spin me up to do some stuff to help with uh you have to pitch. You're gonna have to pitch the technical side of it. So, we need to work on a script for you, okay? And anyone else who has a part in it. And then remember, you know, we kind of stick to our script to keep track of time because I know in my nervous energy sometimes I'll just start rambling and I don't know when to shut up and all of that. And that's where we'll have each other to keep each other accountable and all of that stuff. So yeah, sounds good. Uh, okay. So, uh, Regina's gonna work on that, which is awesome. Thank you, Regina. Give me one. Regina, you can call me Gina if you want. Oh, I got Virginia somehow stuck in there. I don't know how that worked. West Virginia. Regina from Virginia. Yeah, it's a tongue twister, I guess. Um, and um uh so I I guess I made sort of an informal pitch with a big vision of what I was hoping to do with the Doge Network originally when I started it like I guess it's been six months now. Um and uh so uh the whole idea or or my thinking I should say my thinking of um and I want to sync it up with uh your guys's thinking of showing up to America Fest was um that uh Pierce and Stephen and I started talking about wouldn't it be cool if we started collaborating? So we started chatting over Axe um and we were thinking about like what to collaborate on specifically and it it was kind of proving not impossible but kind of difficult to focus on something because it's there's a hundred things that we could talk about or focus on. So it we just continued talking um which is you know exactly what I was hoping for. And so then I had the idea of you know if we had an objective a milestone to hit something tangible that we could all get behind that would be kind of uh u get people to to come together. Um okay um then um then that's that's something that we could all start working towards. So that's why I I came up with the idea of America Space um because it was in December, a few months away. Um I think December's a good time to plan and um I thought that would be a good thing for us to uh some of us to get together, do something a little bit fun, but also plan out, you know, what we could possibly collaborate on over the next six months. Um and we could talk some also about what we have been working on. So, I think it would be interesting even if it was just Stephen, Regina, and um Pierce and I show up. Um you know, it would be interesting for us to just do that, talk about what we've been working on, and then and then do some planning for the next six months. But if we could get 20 people to show up, um obviously we'd have to structure it if we had that many uh better. Um if 20 people are planning on showing up, then that would be even more interesting and more useful. Um, and perhaps we could get some of the uh people, the 20 people to break up into smaller groups for the next six months and to collaborate on specific projects and we could get together like once once a week, once a month, whatever some regular to try, you know, to track what our progress is. Yeah. And get together in another six months and do it again and maybe then it will be 30 people. So that was the general idea. Uh, nothing more complex than that. So, yeah. No, I love that. I think what I'll do is let me break down an outline for you because you want to hit people love a backstory. They want to know how y'all met. They want to know how long you've been doing this all of that, right? So, you give the brief backstory. Then, people are going to want to know what the ultimate goal of America Fest like. This is something that's just started. Has America Fest, you know, because I noticed there was turning point. There's still stuff that I'm learning. So you don't have to explain it now because I'll know all this stuff by the time I get the outline done with my research and I'll just hit you up with questions. But yeah, definitely for the first space and then for each space after that, maybe we could get a pre-record that we play that basically with a voice over says what uh the goal is headed to America first. You know, this is what it's about. This is who we're trying to bring in. And I'll say it again, we got to get them to the website. I think that's going to be the central location where we can really get and then especially with you know everything being done under the official website. So I will be you know pinning all that information on my page posting it and all of that. So and then let's nail down our date for our first space. If you want it to be a week from now, two weeks from now, however you want to do it. I think I think well it depends on how much time you have. So maybe two weeks might be smarter. But yeah, what were you saying, Stephen? Sorry. No, it's it's up to you, but uh Saturdays is the best option for me. I'll work around anyone's schedule. I generally don't like to do weekends, but this is so big. I will do it because I think that it's worth it. So, um, and Stephen, thank you for bringing me into this. So yeah, I'll absolutely work around your schedule and eventually we'll be able to do it to where maybe we have a couple of spaces a week we have a 30 minute catchup space or you know hey let's get to know each other a mixer where we play games trivia you know ask about your state how much do you know about your state how much do you know about the whatever there's so many ideas let me bring the ideas to you let's get this first space scheduled out I could probably do it in a week but it's probably best to do it in two weeks because if we meet by this again I would like to invite my friend Josh if he'll come and then he could bring a lot to the table too. Awesome. Yeah, more the marrier. Definitely. So, it's it sounds like we probably need to plan on two spaces up front. So, one that would be a replacement for this that' be a little bit more ad hoc talking about um how to you know what specifically we want to do and one that's more a little bit more PR or marketing focused to attract uh new people to contribute. Um, does that seem right? That's perfect because once we get all that pre-record, you know, I will and I will be at every space until we're kind of, you know, in a month or two, we're kind of welloiled where I can do focus on the marketing and PR. Uh, but until then, I need to be in every space to get to know people and stuff like that. But Aladdin and I worked together in the past on other spaces that were highly popular. So, we've got a broad network and uh I'm excited. Cool. All right. Uh so, do we want to um I mean, we've we've been at this for about uh you know, 70 minutes already, but I'm happy to keep keep going on if if you all are good with it. I I want to be respectful of your time. So, I could probably give about at least 30 minutes more. I have to go run to the restroom real quick, but I'm need a bio break as well. No problem. All right. All right. It's good break time. All right. So, let's come back. We'll work on the the agenda for America Fest.

I'll go get something as well. I'll be right back.

Hey, Stephen. Yes. So I think that the Saturday space should be once we get it all figured out should be heavily for the PR and marketing because most people are on spaces on the weekends and then the space where people come I guess talking about the meat and potatoes and the development aspect or whatever aspect you know however you want to handle it. Um, what day of the week would you think that would be? Or do two spaces on Saturdays, but I don't know. That's kind of I don't know because that's a little overwhelming. And I could stream all of them, too. Uh, we are marketing one we should stream. The other one maybe not stream. I don't know for now. So, caveat to that. Caveat to that. Saturday maybe around this time or like how we started this space. Uh the other one we can do it midweek uh

Wednesday. Yeah, maybe Wednesday. Uh also around 10:00 uh because my my schedule is going to change and I will be so now I'm working from uh 12 to 9. And probably next week is going to change with my new position is going to be 2 to 10. So for the first month, right, let us uh let us and if you're okay with it, kind of give me your schedule so I know what your schedule is. Like because you know, we should be welloiled enough to where if you're not able to be in a space, I can host it. We're doing it from the Doge anyway. for the marketing one and the other one. I say for the first month, let's just focus on the Saturday spaces and then the other ones will evolve out from that and maybe it'll even start happening sooner. But I always like to set a reasonable semi-attainable goal, you know, for stuff. So, um yeah, two weeks from now, Saturday, we should definitely lock it in. Let's uh you want to do for the 12 mount or do you want to push it to early afternoon like No. So it's it's 10 10 mountain time. So it's two hours. So I know that I'm saying do you want to keep it the same time? Sorry. I always get my time lines messed up. Yes. Uh because what I do on Saturdays, so after this I'm going to go downtown Denver and try to do some investigation because I'm working on something. Uh it's a nightclub owned by a guy and keep renting it. Every weekend is a different theme and different people coming in. So, I'm trying to crack the code on that one. Sounds interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, first time caught my eye. It was they were playing Russian and Ukrainian music. And, uh, second time it was Hispanic. uh last weekend. It was uh hiphop like basically black people and I was able to get in.

It was like literally the entry fee was like 20 bucks and there was like And there was like five people in Yeah. Yeah. And there was like five people in there. And as soon I got in there, I figured it out. It was like, "Okay, this is a drug hub operation." Oh, interesting. All right. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm I'm working on that. It's going to take me few weekends to figure out who's who at the zoo. Interesting. All we need from you is when you'll be able to be there. If you're not able to make it, try to shoot a message. We understand you may not always be able to get in touch with us, but um you know uh so I'm putting September 6, 2025. Sorry, we got Nats in here. 9:00 a.m. Pacific time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain time, 11 central time, 12 Eastern. Is that good with everybody? Yeah. Yes. Perfect. We have that unlocked. Got it. The rest will come. I And so keep talking uh about the plan and everything like you were going because this is I'm going to go back and watch this recording and probably make a video out of it or Yeah. should be at least one or two minutes of good material in there. Uh into the camera. How does this thing work? Damn technology. All right. So, uh, let me, uh, I think we've talked enough background. Um, happy to talk more, but I was going to jump over to the right side of the screen to the America Fest planning. So, um, got all our three of our names as organizers, just a way to kind of um, set uh, uh, set who's, you know, signed up so far. Um, we could do it in a more official way, I guess, at some point sooner than later. Um, oh, and let people know I will be bringing all my equipment. We will be able to stream from the event. We'll be able to host interviews. I'll have my sound mixer by then, which means we can plug in several m like it's going to be great. All right. No, so you got the audiovisisual stuff locked in. I'm I'm still on. I'm still on. You guys uh talk uh I'm setting up my umbrella because uh the sun is coming up. No problem. It looked like you turned into a vaporized cloud of gas. I was thinking what happened to him. He's really undercover. They could turn him into gas like James Bond or uh Okay, so let me um Okay, so Regina

event AB. All right, cool. Nice. Um okay. So uh the I I came up with um two two purposes and we could do more um but the the the primary one was the one I talked about which is discuss plan next six months of projects. um secondary one, it's actually where Pierce and um and Stephen and I started which I think was you know way too soon but um it is something to discuss about longer term is um if we do start bringing in money and I started talking to Regina about this that uh for instance if um one of the uh things we could do is uh for anybody that's involved in planning the event we uh put together a fund to essentially make it So that getting to the event and um and uh being there is cost free. So um so do a little bit of fundraising, you know, maybe that's like I don't know5 $10,000. I don't know. It won't be a huge amount of money, but it'll be money. Somebody needs to We don't want to run that through somebody's personal account. You know, that's bad planning. Uh so if we can find in um through our contacts a an interested party that has either a cor a profit or nonprofit corporation that wants to act as the bank and essentially um when we fund raise the money goes to one of their accounts and then as we have bills the bills get sent and they get paid from that account. So they they'll be they'll need to um uh be committed to handling that paperwork and that allows us to be somewhat protected rather than um you know one personally being responsible for doing that work. That's I know from experience it's not a good idea. Um it's not a good idea and I do know a couple of people I could talk to. Again this is a huge thing. I think also on the website if there's a way to put a tab that would direct that central whatever and it's really cool because you know you're doing something that's all about transparency and funding and stuff so it' be right there on the website where the money's going like it would be like a mini example I guess of what you're trying to do but there's got to be one central place where people you know uh can give and then um I'm definitely you know if he's not willing to do it or doesn't know someone you know I can definitely we'll figure it out. But it definitely has to be someone that we trust, someone that's reputable. And I did want to also preface that when I say, you know, I I've got the audiovisisual, you know, production side of it. That's until a bigger team like Charlie Kirk and all that comes in. I will just, you know, fill the gap because I really feel like this is going to be huge and more people are going to want to get involved. Cool. And people would just, you know, take the initiative. And I've been praying for this. You know, people, why don't you start a Doge sale? like I think people are doing that but it's just get trying to put them together. Yeah, we just need to organize our efforts so that um and it and hopefully um you know we we come up with uh 50 similar but different approaches because every state's different I was just looking at Oregon's data. Yeah, exactly. Um, you know, Oregon's going to approach it slightly different than Massachusetts. Um, for a lot of different reasons, culturally, but also just the way that the data is set up. Um, you know, it potentially that getting at the similar same sort of financial data in Massachusetts is 10 times harder than it is in Oregon. So, they're going to have a slightly different approach. Um, it's probably going to be using this example, madeup example. You know, they'd have to do a lot more personal outreach probably to government officials than perhaps a place like that's a magical Oregon that maybe has all their data already available. So, there's a lot less that needs to happen. How long have these systems been such a welloiled machine? because there's got to be somebody out there that was involved in the process of making like like you said Oregon, Ohio, the states that you used as an example that I mean isn't there anyone that or any article that we could go to to read I mean anything oh there is yeah I can start dumping um into the uh basically history um from the past work I've done at open data into the I was thinking of something that would help you and help the you know something maybe you haven't looked at that like how did they get people to embrace it? How did they get the government to embrace it? Oh yeah. Well that's um combination of things but uh uh uh top down or ground up essentially you know either way I guess. Yeah I mean it typically that's the way it's worked. There's other examples, but typically it's Ohio. I think it was primarily with a really strong technical but knowledgeable Ohioan that became treasurer that said, you know, wouldn't it be great if um and got a lot of people to go in that direction and he was in office long enough to get momentum. um a lot of other places it's from the ground up where there's enough activists around um disclosure on financial contracts because they they're suspicious that there might be hanky hankypanky going on um and uh so they're submitting a lot of foyer requests and it gets to a level where pe the people managing the foyer requests are like you know what do I do this is ridiculous I I can't handle because they're not set up for that and um they start trying to be prepared for the foyer request instead of being just um you know on the receiving end. So they reach out to somebody like open gov or some other group that can help them. Um a side example um now this would just be like 60 seconds so I'm going to time myself. Um, so as the city of LA got the contract um or the I guess you could say the contract for the Olympics for 2028 um their uh head of uh Department of Transportation um it was smart enough to realize that um and this is back in 22 I think um that they weren't ready to handle that kind of traffic uh much less um you know be able to handle all ride share because at that time Uber and Lyft and others were really taken over the streets um and not being managed by um you know the uh Department of Transportation like they probably always hoped. So, uh, fast forward, they basically started working with a couple commercial companies and, um, uh, open source folks to build up, um, some, uh, some projects to work with Lyft and Uber and others, um, to near real time manage traffic and to communicate back and forth. So, you know that Wait, you said a program did this or people did this or I mean I know the people No, this was the smart official. She's the one um DOT uh foright. Yeah. So, it was a top down. There was interest and there's enough technologists in LA to make it happen, but it took her leadership to say we're just going to do this because if somebody had built it and not gotten her buy in or worked on, you know, it wouldn't have happened. um because the DOT um has all their own u ways of doing thing, their own separate databases of like you know information on how the stop lights work and all that kind of [ __ ] Um so anyway, um that spawned on its own and I'm not sure they're 100% ready, but they're a hell of a lot more ready now than they were six years ago because of her leadership. Um, now it's still government run, so there's a lot of weird stuff that, you know, I think is crazy, but they're making an effort. You know, they're still government mindset bureaucrats. They think very strategically 20 years out where everyone else they're working with, it's from technology we think about in terms of months. So, yeah, you just really answered a question that I was going to ask. So definitely, you know, future candidate onboarding, uh, endorsements would be huge. Um, I know a couple of representatives in Texas, one of them I actually was able to interview and another one I'm hoping to get an interview. He told me he would come on my podcast anytime, so I know that he will. But, uh, the more that we can spread the knowledge about this and get them to go over and look at this stuff because I definitely think they would be on board. And Sheldon Daniels, he's one of them. He was running against uh Jasmine Crockett before the redistricting. Now she's going to be if she runs, she's going to run against Payton Jackson, which she's the one that we interviewed. But uh I said all that. Yeah, I said all that to say this because they have great plans of, you know, doing away with income taxes, making community businesses where people can actually own stock options within their own community like that they won't be held out of the game of being able, you know, they're very community focused and oriented. So, I didn't mean to get off on that rant, but as you're talking, I'm just thinking the ideas are just exploding. So, this is an amazing thing. And if I could just say I'm very humbled and honored to be a part of this. I truly am. Like, this is something that I've been praying for. Like Stephen could tell you, I go out of my mind sometimes like, "Ah." He was like, "Just be patient." I'm like, "Okay." Well, I appreciate that that I mean it to a certain extent none of this works if there's not a government um public partnership of sorts and um different states and different cities and counties have been better at it than others for um various reasons. So that would be maybe that is more of the simple theme of um uh for the America vest um gathering is the public private partnership. I that's a little bit easier to digest as far as a does that seem like a No, I agree with you for now. Yeah, definitely. I like it. Okay. Um,

uh, I'm actually going to write that.

Okay. So um so what else do you guys um or do those two ideas the um discuss plan next six months of projects and um and uh discuss forming a nonprofit to manage expenses essentially. Um those still seem like the two major things we should focus on or should I change them or add or we definitely need to add one thing. we've got to start locking down this and I can do event planning too because that kind of all comes together. I'm gonna have to know about it anyway in order to produce content to let people know. But I'm saying you were saying that the hotels are almost filled up, whatever. Um so my idea is um how many of us are here that are run like really committed to going whether we raise the money or not get there whatever. Um which I feel like I know we're going to raise the money because I have ideas. I I will get this done. But um I'd say at least 15 rooms, 10 rooms, something like that. I don't know what our core group I see what four, five, six of us here now and that could increase. But for now, I would say reserve 10 rooms. I don't know, but we need to get that done because we could cancel and they still won't charge us. But the ultimate goal is for us to get there so we can kind of figure that out in the next week or so. And then um you know just I don't know like I mean we could figure out a credit card to put it on until you know maybe you could create a cash app just until we can get the banking thing. I mean I hate to do that to you. Uh but at some point we gota the there's got to be one pot where stuff is going you know in the meantime. So um I will be reaching out to a couple of people that I feel like would help us. And I'm also going to, you know, um I feel like if we could I don't know. I I'll let me keep that one under my cap until I think it all the way through. I don't want to just start blurting out ideas that don't make sense.

Yeah. The nonprofit and then an itinerary. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Stephen. Forgive me. We thought of something at the same time. We need to figure out some kind of itinerary, general itinerary for people that are coming, you know, like we have a breakfast meeting, you know, you can come to that. This is the meeting, you know, like we'll figure it out. And we could do stuff in parks. Like we don't have to rent out boardrooms or stuff like that, you know, like we could just really think outside the box. I'm really great with doing stuff on a budget that's really fancified. So, I mean, we'll figure it out. Go ahead, Stephen. I'm sorry, ma'am. No, I think the uh the nonprofit thing is essential because that would that would be our fuel engine from financial perspective. I agree with you, but can I strongly disagree with you until we make I don't we should not form any type of nonprofit until we're there's a foundation that's strong. You know, I agree on that. You know how I feel about nonprofits and you know they're under fire right now, right? We're trying to launch off the ground. It will come. People will want to establish it for us, right? We don't even have to ask for it. Trust me, they're going to be on fire for this. Especially with you, Stephen, your magic carpet.

No. So, so historically, except couple uh conservative nonprofits, they've been offloading from the government. But majority of the conservative nonprofits has nothing to do with the government. They don't get no fundings. Uh it's all crowdsourcing. Uh it's actually about 99.5% of the conservatives. Right. Let me just interject while you're saying that the common people that we're bringing in, they don't know that they associate nonprofit and I know there's like a C3, C4, maybe we could even do something explaining nonprofits that they're not a bad thing. They're not out to get you. People do take advantage of them. But I'm telling you, for right now, like I think ultimately, yes, definitely we want every LLC, whatever we can get that makes it, you know, what it is. But for right now, I just think if we can focus on getting people together, you know, and it's going to slowly but surely come. But I really believe that people are going to be on fire for it and someone's going to come in and say, "Hey, I'm going to set up this nonprofit and it's going to be just like Stephen came in and said, "Hey, I'm going to do this." Like it'll it will happen and we can talk about, you know, the plans of if we had a nonprofit, this is what it would look like. And then people will say, "You know what? That's a great idea. I want to I want to help you get that." instead of us saying, "Well, you know, let's work on this goal of getting this nonprofit." That's not really the goal. The goal is getting people more active into what's being built here. I think

Yeah, I agree with you. And and I'm not saying establish nonprofit right now. What I'm saying is after we get our uh uh followers growing and and and uh get more audience and let them drive that. But at the same time, nonprofit for us is going to be an essential in in the future because it's going to be our gravy machine for our finances. And when people start realizing was like, okay, these guys actually legit doing all this work and trying to help uh uh localities all across the United States, they will start contribute to us and be part of the mission. Yeah, I agree with you wholeheartedly. So basically, it's just a central hub where people can start donating. You know, we can even put, like I said, I think the biggest thing is once we get this perspectus out, that's what we need is the general perspective. This is how it started. This is where we're at now. This is our, you know, one to five year goal. This is our 10year goal. This is our And when people see that and then they're like, oh man, maybe we can get them to this goal faster. So, you know, we have to run it like a business, whether it's nonprofit or not. if we just take it from the mindset of this is a business, this is professional, which I think all of us have done from the very first meeting and all the way through. So yeah, I love all these ideas. I think they're fantastic and I think it'll take no time before we implement them. Yeah, I think I think we could if um we get enough people involved. Um this would be my my top of head thinking um or my thought bubble uh that's uh if we get enough people involved let's say hundred simp just picking a number um and and projects and we've met a few times um that I I think we could get as soon as six months to start seriously considering forming a nonprofit because sorry for the uh because it essentially what we're dealing with at that point is that we get to a point where there's administrative overhead that needs somebody to be responsible for it. So we start thinking about hiring u employees or hiring somebody to help us or somebody being responsible that would need to work on X and they would um we start thinking about trademarks and logos and stuff like that and then become that starts become a concern. That's probably about the right time to think about creating an organization of its own because then we could hire people then we could have bank accounts. Um can't really do that beforehand. Um, so the way that I've done it before is I find a friendly corporation, either profit or nonprofit, that's interested in acting as that administrative handling that administrative overhead in the short term. So they act as the bank for money coming in and out for stuff and um and they can field um certain uh types of things like mail, physical mail going someplace. Um, simple stuff like that, but important. Um, you know, when we hold an event someplace and we're booking a room, um, you know, they they could use their name instead of one of our personal ones, for example. doesn't have to be this way, but it the more that we could have somebody act as administrative help for us, the smoother it will go because then um they can take on some of the responsibilities and help out contributing that way um while we focus on making the event go off and we don't have to worry as much about the paperwork because Does anyone have any ideas? Because I'm wondering if as we're reaching out, you know, these organizations that would want to help out and take this on, do they uh help out people from their infancy or do they want to see something that's already been established like with you and I need to start a business account and just get it go? Like I don't know what to do here. No, no, no. I wouldn't go there yet. I mean, thank you. Because I'm like, I just do not I cannot. No, no, no. Le is much more. Um when we're doing this, we want to focus all of our energy on doing what we're doing right now. Um so when we have that first Saturday meeting and people say, "I want to give money. Where do we go?" We have to tell them something. So who's going to take money or we just say, "Uh stay tuned. We will have that. Save your money." We will have that information for you. But for right now, if you want to go to America's Best Fest, this is how you can do it. I I do have a donation button on California Doge, so I can share that information. um it's set up with one of the cash accounts. It would be a very simple way to do it and it it would essentially uh be tied to me personally. So it makes me liable I guess you could say. Um so in the short term we can continue to do that. Um so um but you know I have the same problems if if we weren't doing any of this. Is there a way be okay so with your donation button is there a way for you to differentiate like who's donating so you would know hey this is maybe have them use a a hashtag or something in the notes essentially when they make the contribution of what they're doing it for and I I'll have to keep it straight of course and um so that would be a you know an interim step until we can find a corporation to help us act as a bank so 30-day 60-day window we Good. I feel like it'll come through by then. Okay, cool. Yeah, hopefully. Yeah, hopefully. Um, so yeah, as we're doing this, um, as we're building this up, that can be one of the things of, um, trying to find a volunteer, uh, that's, um, willing to volunteer their corporation administrative uh, capabilities, both acting as a bank and and and handling some, uh, snail mail essentially. Are there not is there not a website or something that you can go to? Aren't there isn't there like a C I mean it maybe they take a percentage or something but something like that may let me just do some research. We'll figure this out. Oh, you mean to do that as a general service actually for you or are you looking for something that more we have the name attached to the organization? Uh I mean you're right there are services like that right I got you and it um it's very similar to like uh startup adjacent kind of businesses that provide um uh you know basically uh startup groups um startup teams um that kind of overhead and but a lot of times they're very tightly uh controlled by the um the uh um the VC because they they want to keep them in house essentially. So, um there are a few others. Um and I wouldn't say we don't want to use them, but um it would be ideal if um the organization that we're working with is actually um you know partnering because having more uh names and um and and company names involved is a good thing. Um so so hopefully we can find uh one or two folks that want to contribute that way and that um that will help give us the you know more uh respectability I guess you could say as opposed to just using one of the services. Does that make sense for you? It absolutely does because you know I'm sitting here thinking about brands right like my husband's company he's been with them for over 20 years. if it's something that I'm involved with, you know, I don't know. But I don't want to get off on this rabbit hole. We need to focus on our initial space. So, forgive me. Uh, yes. So, um, and I'm loving the breakfast, welcome talk, talks, breakout talks, all of that. I can't wait to go back and read this and do I've got this is amazing. So, let's keep going. So, um, happy to continue to use the Doge Network stuff um, until it doesn't work anymore for everyone. Um but it there is a logo there. Um it is uh there's a PNG and an SVG. So um uh you can actually get access to it um through GitHub. You mean until it doesn't work anymore? What do you mean? Well, no. I mean if we decide to build something that's, you know, if it outgrows the California, the Doge network, it will and you know, maybe it does. Maybe we want to call it something else. Um, and the idea I initially had of of Doge Network, you know, doesn't quite encompass what this grows into. I I don't know. So, uh, but until then, it's it's something to use. Um, and, uh, but, you know, I'm also happy to continue to grow this and and use it as is. Well, I vote for the Doge network, right? I was like I was I was like because that's exactly it's the Department of Government Efficiency. Nobody has a copyright on that. I think it's the network. We are networking every I mean so I I say keep it as it is. I can't imagine it being anything else. It's your baby. Yeah, I like it. I I spent a few minutes putting the SVGs together. It's a pain in the butt to to build images through code, but it is possible. Um but uh okay. Um so uh was there anything else we wanted to add to the the schedule? any other ideas? Um, and if you guys want to think about it and not have me put you on the spot, that's fine, too. Yeah, I'd like to take some time, a good couple hours to review all this stuff. Uh, and I have a greater understanding. I want to hear everyone else's feedback as to things to bring to the first space. Um, and like I said, I'll have some form of plan ready in the next 48 hours if you guys want to do any mini meets or anything like that. Um, you guys have my information, my phone number and all of that stuff. Plus the website, I think the more we can utilize that website and group there and get used to using it myself where I'm like, "Hey, I can just go to the website." Like, it was so great to be able to just come to the meeting and not even use my email. I just went came to the meeting directly from the website. Nice. Nice. Well, that was that's what I was hoping for. So, that's my training. Cool. It's working already. You work so fast. May I just say I was like, whoa. It's like we have a genie in the bottle here. So, um, one of the things we could start doing, um, is, um, essentially partly what I've been writing out is stuff to do. you know, tasks, issues, what, however you want to, whatever word you want to use them, use for them. One of the nice things about using GitHub is it does have some of the stuff built in. Um, so um, we could, um, start using GitHub issues off of the Doge Network site. Um, I can save you guys the trouble. Let me pop it into the chat. Um so um so uh people that I've um I'll add Stephen in a minute but now that you guys are members I've given you right access you can create um and modify these issues um so any of the stuff that you want to work on um you can start either um updating one of the existing ones and you know blah blah blah blah blah um And uh you don't have to worry about the stuff on the right right now. I can explain that guys uh to you. Um but I'd be more interested in you guys um if you have stuff that you want to do. Um tasks and they're called issues in in GitHub and you just write them out and you either assign them to yourself or assign them to somebody else. I wouldn't get too more complicated than that for the Give us an example of a task like Okay, sure. Uh, how about um uh book hotel uh room block

and I can assign that to you.

Boom. So then I'll get saying that hey you have this assigned to you or I'm in there now. So now um if you go into your Regina, you can actually look at it by you can filter it by yourself for example. Yeah. Stupid thing. Update West Virginia wire carousel card number 24. Why is it not Is it messing up on you? No. No, you didn't mess it up. It's assigned to you for some reason. Okay. Well, it's taking a second to wake up. Um so um I'll use me as example. So it will it will show um

Oh, that's weird. There's a bug right now. Okay. I don't know. We'll figure it out. It's typically you can filter by author. Um for some reason it's not working. I don't know why it's it's filtering by the person who created them. But um but you can add labels if you wanted. I mean it get it you can get more complicated. But the general idea is you can come in here if you have an idea of something that you want to do later or you want somebody else to do later. You can type it out. You can um assign it to that person um as long as they've already been added. So I'll I'll add Aladdin here in a minute. Um, and then, um, it will it will show up here. So, it's a nice easy to-do list. Um, and it's I place

Go ahead, Stephen. No, I said I like it. Okay, cool. Um, so, uh, so you can, um, I won't, uh, make your eyes roll up in your head, but, you can go to the, the stuff through, um, the documents, the web pages through here as well. They're they're under aptly named docs. So, you can find the stuff backwards or from the ground up from this way as well, if you want to be that experimental. But um there's it's very um uh in the short run while you're still learning um I would do it this way. I would go to the website and um and if you see something like a meeting and you're like oh I want to edit this page then you you'll end up at the same place. So, all I did is I went to one of the documents and I then I click on edit this and it will go right to kind of looks similar. Go right to that page and then you can edit it right here um using your GitHub account. I've got it pulled up. I've got it pulled up. It's in the upper right hand corner. Edits content on GitHub. Is that No, that's something else. Never mind. Don't listen to me. I'm watching. And some of this is not going to be intuitive. Like um this thing right here, you see it's YouTube. That's code. So just don't worry about it for now. Don't be intimidated by it. It's just a way of showing um uh showing a file. But some of the stuff is seems kind of intuitive. So when you go into editing editing mode, um there's a little bit of um some of these things. And I'll explain to you what markdown um syntax is. But that's what these little things mean. Like these are headers. This is B. This is bold. Um so once you've used it a couple times, it'll become intuitive and you don't have to use too many of the the extra features, but some of the stuff is kind of useful. Um you know, the basics. So and I'll action stars. Yeah. The thing I will be focused on is like community forums, making sure that I'm interacting with people that are on the website, you know, stuff like that. Anything like or updates to newsletters, events, stuff like that. Um, so this is where our little training modules are going to come in. So nice and sweet and handy. So I'm excited about this. All right, keep going. Yeah. No, that's it. That's it. I just wanted to give you a a really quick primer of how this stuff works. So you can come at it through the code side or you can come at it through the website side. I recommend continue to play through the website for now until you start to understand some of the how it works. Um but I'm happy to help help you all, you know, however you wherever you're at as far as um learning this stuff and getting used to it. So, um, but yeah, the the the issues on um could be quite useful because we're essentially kind of doing that and I'm doing it free form in the in the doc um in the uh the meeting notes. So, um I can start taking some of those and just turn them into issues and and either assign them to people or just leave them open to whoever wants to grab them. Okay. Um, and uh, yeah, I I'll leave it there. I won't make it any more complicated than that. There's, you know, other weird stuff that I could talk about that would be once you get used to it. Sorry, Regina. Give me one second. Go ahead. Sorry, I keep uh looking down because I'm in communication with actually a business guy uh based out of Georgia and uh and uh uh Florida

and uh I'm trying to get him in. Cool. Get him in. How? To this meeting? No, not not this meeting yet. Oh, you mean to to join in the theor in the general sense? In the general sense because he's he could be a heavy funer for this for this whole thing, but also he's a business guy, so he wants to make money out of it as well. Yeah. Well, I mean it that there's no reason uh why businesses can't be built off of u this kind of stuff. Um I was involved in OpenStack um back in the day about a decade ago and um I know what that is. What's that? I actually know what that is. So um so uh it started off with um eight different companies couldn't build virtual machine management systems. Well, we all individually were trying to do it ourselves and we all collectively sucked at it. Um even tried to get VMware to build it for us. and Eucalyptus and a few others and they all generally sucked at it. None of it scaled. It all was crap. Um so eight companies um and it was basically people that kind of knew each other um either directly or or indirectly through friends. Um we started talking like you're working on this, I'm working on this. Um, so instead of building a like a private business relationship, we decided to do um a public open-source collaboration um to build out software on top of um to make data center hardware more useful, usable, basically. Um it was pretty basic stuff. Can I piggy back on what Stephen just said? So, if you're open to it, in the next 60 days, I'm going to be putting um requests out for us to be on certain spaces for us to come up to shill this project. Sure. Where investors will want to uh I'll send you the information of the people that I'm planning on, you know, if you want to know who they are. But one of them has been doing for like three and a half years and like you never know who's in there. And then Josh the developer like it's amazing because he was just talking about this like you know you you get people that are trying to do things and then you know we're all working on the same thing. Why haven't we come together and try to figure all this out? So my question was going to be after Stephen how many people have shown up to this core meeting and has it just been like the four of us or the I noticed there were like six up to six people in the room at one time. Um, I just want to know names so that I know who to, you know, hey, whatever. So I recognize people, not that I need to know, but Oh, yeah. You were in the meeting. I was trying to look at the names and stuff. Well, there there's a um the first meeting there. Um, I guess it doesn't have Let me let me double check, but I don't know. You know, that doesn't really tell me anything. I'll have to double check. I thought I thought I uh had digital attendance, but maybe I didn't. You may have. You may have. I didn't look. So, I'll deal with it myself. Um but uh yeah, generically it's been us. Um and Prescott is here and is not takers here. So, um Jennica showed up for uh and listened for a while. Um, but I I think to um I think it was Steven's point um that we need to be a little bit more organized for her to um figure out, you know, how she can help essentially how she can and and what I'm going to hopefully set up uh Aladdin Stephen, we're gonna we're gonna get on uh Pixel's water cooler. I'm going to schedule that out because uh he'll do it for me. We're going to get on um Martekch Networks. I know he'll invite us up uh with a project. Um those are two three that I'm looking at right now. And these are people with serious investors, not people just, you know, toing PFP rings and all that stuff. So I'm excited about this. So that would be a practice run for people like Jenna. Is it Jennica? Jenna, what's her name? Jennica. Jennica. For Jennica and the Charlie Kurts and all of that. And some of these people, you could be in a space and looking around and there might be five or six. The only thing I need people to commit to is that no matter what, if if there's only five people in the space that we don't get discouraged, we keep hosting the spaces because they will come. They will come. And that's why I think it's important to do it under the doge, you know, and then when they see Aladdin, they'll come, you know, different and then I'll bring people in that people will just show up because those people are there. Like it's going to be fantastic. And once people get the word, I mean, this is this is what people have been wanting. Well, I think the beautiful people that we encourage and uh entice to show up there, I I think there's going to be probably at least two basic groups. Ones that are just interested in the topic and then there's going to be those that want to contribute. Um so um yeah, we'll we'll just have to that are just interested in the topic. They know people who will want to fund it. So we always want to Yeah, just so you know, Jennica is data Republican. Oh [ __ ] Sorry I didn't make that connection for you. Subscribe to her and I'm like sorry I was using shortand apologize. My god. Yeah. So, we gota we gotta have together for that lady works with her on data republican. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Okay. So, yeah, I would be honored. I want to have my duckies in a row for this lady because she does so much like for real. Seems like a very busy person. Yeah. Um, so, okay. So, I've used up two hours of you guys time. I really appreciate you guys spending two hours with me. Oh, [ __ ] It's been two hours already. It has. Yeah. Oh, wow. Which is a good thing, I guess. We've got a lot of work to do. So, Stephen, in the next seven days, what are you going to be working on? You said you're excited. So, we know our date, September 6th at 10:00 a.m. Mountain time, if you want to start posting teasers and all of that, make sure you tag me and um tag people so that I'll tag I'll tag the team. Uh Sean, just give me the talking points. Uh, basically juice for an audience. You'll get that from me, Stephen. Okay. Yeah, sorry, Regina. Uh, yeah, just send send that to me and if you want to put it on a video or just like basically bullet points, uh, DM it or email it to me. I want to do it today. It won't be today with all of that, but I can get you a little, you know, post, an exciting post, a copy and paste if you want me to help you with that. But as far as the video, it's going to be at least a couple days on that. Okay. Yeah. Uh, take your time with it. I want to post something soon.

Ideally today, but obviously, it's not going to happen. Uh, but, uh, don't rush it. uh make it look cool and and good and catchy because we want to bring as many people as possible. And I want to get those two business guys on board because they may be able to invest in our effort because they are heavily or extremely worried about uh government waste fraud and all that stuff. But at the same time, they had just created a company that contracts with the government and they brought me in as a consultant with them. Non-paid. I'm just doing everything with them as freebies uh to basically get them through the murky waters of the government contracting and all that stuff. Uh, but I can get these guys on board. They do hold spaces and their spaces are fairly big and more the Yep. Yeah. So, if we can't get So, so Stephen, let's do this if we can. Let's get a goal date of when we can, you know, I don't know how their spaces work. Like the people that I was talking about for the practice, we'll do two two weeks from now. Let's do this two weeks from now on a Saturday and we can do a major space and we can do it live and like this basically. No, I meant Okay, stop a second. That's the the space room two weeks. Yes, we're on board with that. I agree with you. the live stream. I'm talking about your guy, you know, are you talking about inviting him to this live stream or are you talking about maybe getting an opportunity for Sean Pierce, you, whoever to get up on his space and be able to talk about the project? Like, is that what you're talking about? Uh, nothing solid yet. I'm I'm No, I know. So, what I'm asking is a goal. Like, well, let's talk about this on the back. Yeah, the goal. Yeah, the goal is get these guys on our spaces so they can bring their audience, right? But we have to go into their spaces first. Yeah. So, we can't just be expecting I don't know. Yeah. I I I don't know when they hold spaces because those We'll figure out we we will figure all that out. Right now, I'm focused on the spaces that I know that I can get us into to build us up to Jennica and build us up to your big fish, right? because we these are all like practice runs. So, let's focus on two weeks. Send them an invite. Yes, we want them to come into the space. It's going to be a live stream. It's going to be a big deal. And uh I will be sending you teasers. I'm going to work on that now. We'll send you something that you can release by tonight. A general post like dit stay tuned. Keep people, you know, oh, what's going on? Oh, what are they up to? You know, like this is that's my expertise. So, we will do that and then we're gonna we're gonna get at all of these people. We're gonna we're gonna win them over.

Sorry. Go ahead. No, I said right on. Thank you. Uh do that. Uh I can post it. Uh I'm trying to get these guys. They're in Daytona Beach right now and they're having fun. So I I I need to have a look. We want them mind sound. We don't want them committing to things when they've had a few martinis and margaritas. Yeah, exactly.

Actually, one of them doesn't drink. Uh the other one, we'll take that one time donation. Yeah. No. Let me uh yeah, let me square things out with those guys and uh and I'll fill you guys in. I'll send an email. Uh there's a I'm trying to establish a meeting with them basically or a huddle and was like, "Hey, this is what we are up to and uh are you guys on board or not?" And if they are, then we can add them to the group so they can attend. Uh if they're not, they're not. So yeah, I updated um the uh the meeting notes um from today already. It's already published. Um okay. I still need to get a little bit better at um how it's organized, but you know, it's a work in progress. Um you and I can work on that. I think it looks great. It was an easy read. I was very pleased with it. So, I think it it looks fantastic so far. So, don't be so hard on yourself. Yeah, I'm a I'm somewhat of a perfectionist, so I like to do things right. Um, so yeah, always a lifetime objective is to let some things go and not not try to take them to the end. Um, every time at least. Uh, okay. So, um, spend two hours. Do we want to break and then um we could always you know we don't have to wait a week if you guys want to get back together in between but um we just plan on meeting up next week at the same time either an Xpace or a Google meet and no Google meet for next Saturday and then the following Saturday will be the Xpace. That way it gets us into the groove of being here at 10:00 a.m. And then remember when we do Google spaces, anyone who's involved in speaking, co-hosting, let's make sure we start the space a little bit early because I'm going to do sound checks and all of that. Make sure everything is up, rolling without a hitch. So, and we could even do a practice run this Saturday like Probably a great idea. Yeah, we will do bloopers, whatever. Uh, however we do it. But um we should probably definitely practice Saturday and through the week to iron out because I get so sick of people going, "Oh, I'm sorry. You know how X is so glitchy?" X is not always glitchy. Sometimes it's, you know, somebody about their space. Well, we care about our space. Yeah. Well, I mean, it it's if we take it seriously, other people will take us seriously. So, it is kind of that simple. It's infectious. Yeah. And it's, you know, I put a lot of work into California Doge. Um, I could have made it a lot less, um, clean, I guess you could say. Um, but I, you know, I wanted, there's a lot of other stuff I could do to it. Um but um I wanted to at least present a good baseline of the information that's that I was able to get access to and and make it easy to understand. Um rather than um well anyway so I agree. Um no you're fantastic because I got to say you know Stephen we've been in these I mean in web three you know I got connection I don't know if you're in web three or not. Not really. I have a couple of wallets, but I'm just saying like there's so many things that people are trying to do to bring everything together, right? And accountability is number one. And especially now that the government, you know, with the Genius Act and stuff like that passing there, I mean, the world is just going to be crazy. And yours is so clean is so And I like your idea of, you know, I've been in spaces where people are all over the place. They're throwing just throwing stuff in, accepting stuff from just anybody. And I really like this and I'm I'm I'll say it again. I'm honored to be a part of it. So we're on for the Google meet for Saturday. Same time, same place. We'll go ahead and then if we have spare time in between, maybe you and I can work on, you know, doing a test space. I always do like testing sound space sanity. Let's do it during the week and see who comes into the room. And uh before you do it, we'll do practice runs. I'll have like a teaser script for you to read. If you're comfortable with it, you can make changes to it. We're gonna do all of this. Sweet. All right. All sounds great. I really appreciate your help, Regina. Yeah, you're all beautiful people. Really appreciate your time. That's my my Trump my Trumpian comment. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Thank you, guys. All right, y'all. Thank you so much for showing up. I look forward to seeing you again soon and I can't wait to see you all in person. It's gonna be so exciting. It's gonna be so exciting. All right, guys. Catch you on the flip. Have a wonderful weekend. Yep. Have a great weekend, guys. I'll be hitting you up in the next couple of days so we can do our testing. Pierce, if you wanna Pierce is like our silent like he's just I love Pierce. I'm like coding and participating in the meeting at the same time. I understand. I understand. All right. So, you guys, I'm excited. Let's do this. Let's keep this energy and next week. Talk to y'all soon. Bye. All right.

Dog is barking.