---
date: "04-10-2025"
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 04 Oct 2025 Weekly Meeting

## Action Items

- TBD

## Meeting Information

- **Meeting Type:** Weekly
- **Date:**  04 Oct 2025
- **Time:** 09:00 PT
- **Location:** https://x.com/i/spaces/1yoJMPOMnWeGQ
- **Video** same as above

## Agenda

- - **[Sean needs to follow up with on Team DOGE X space status, agreed that we want to move forward with option 4](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/71)**
- [pierce created PR on vibe coding. sean will review](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/69)
- [Sean socialize why seperating missions of DOGE Network and Public Data Corp on ML and X](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/72)
- [PDC names so far, Public Data Corp, We the Data. Ask network to help with naming.](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/72)
- [progress on invited guests: sean and pierce to email jennica, jennica may be able to invite presler, sean will use network for adams](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/73)
- [sean will publish Volunteer form post](https://forms.gle/5WD4CA6h3tmcgvTL7)
- [sean waiting on meeting with TPSUSA next week to publish attendee sign up page](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/74)
- [sean socialize palisades project, get site up, implement how to organize](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/77)
- sean reduce the join doge code section to just contact us on ML
- [Clint will share shortly on new doge state site template](https://github.com/DOGE-network/website/issues/82)

## Notes

- TBD
